Robert Smith souracr DeralLs

1737 Nara Rood,
Food and Beverage Server/Supervisor taza) ase 7000
jaequicresume corn
wnwurqwileresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Highly organized and detail oriented with several years of administrative ‘SKILLS
assistant experience, Able to maintain a postive attitued while interacting lingual Strong Work
with demanding cients. Focused on customer service, properly greeting Ethie

feach client/ quest. Responding quickly to all Inquiries and arwering phone
calls with 3 professional and friendly attitude. Maintain positive moral and
work ethic. Vary reliable, dependable, honest and hardworking,

LANGUAGES
WORK EXPERIENCE English (Native)
French (Frofessional)
Food and Beverage Server/Supervisor Spanish (Professional)
‘ABC Corperation- April 2012 - December 2012
Responsibifties:
+ Provide prompt quality service to all patrons of the restaurant, eee
+ Focusing on custorner service and paying attention to detail to ensure Climbing
Snowboarding
accuracy of all orders. ae
+ Maintain a clean and friendly environment, Work as a team player Reading
‘+ Mult-task to decrease custorner walt time,
+ Responsible for cashing out al customer tickets both dine-In and take-
out,
REFERENCES
+ Work in accordance with gila county health department requirements
{and guidelines ensuring food handling safety, ap ey
+ Complete dally side work duties both before and after each shift. Aeros 2 (Company

Food and Beverage Server
ABC Corporation - November 2008 - August 2010
Responsibilties:
+ 85550 Provide prompt quality service to all patrons of the Casino,
+ Focusing on customer service and paying attention to detall to ensure
accuracy of all orders.
‘+ Maintain a clean and friendly environment.
+ Work as a team play et.
‘+ Mult-task to decrease customer walt time.
+ Responsible for cashing out al custorner tickets both dine-In and take-
out.
‘+ Work in accordance with gila county heath department requirements
‘and guidelines ensuring food handling safety.

Education
Cettificate- (Arizona School of Massage Therapy - Tempe AZ)

(2 Ths Ee Resume Tamolate the copyright of Quikresune cor. Usage Gustine