FIRST LAST

Annapolis, Maryland - +1-234-456-789 - professionalemail@resumeworded.com : linkedin.com/in/username

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Resume Worded, New York, NY 2017 — Present
Preschool Teacher
e Maintained records for the attendance, behavior, academic performance, and physical
development of 219 children per district guidelines.
e Spearheaded weekly meetings with 31] parents to discuss their children’s progress and
responded to over 1K questions they had along the way.
e Developed daily lesson plans based on the state’s early learning guidelines and modified
them to fit the individual needs of 127 kids.
e Supervised a classroom of 119 preschoolers aged 4 through 5, ensuring everyone remained
safe and engaged throughout the day.
e Introduced 15 music and art-related activities that improved students’ creative skills and
boosted learning motivation by 70%.

Growthsi, San Diego, CA
Teaching Assistant
e Managed individual tutoring for 73 children to help them reinforce concepts presented by 12
different lead teachers.
e Guided 300 students in using and caring for classroom equipment and materials, reducing
injuries and damage by 80%.
e Aided 79 disabled students to achieve their full potential by assisting them using supportive
technology and assistive devices.
e Promoted sports and dance skills in 1.1K children by creating 27 demonstrations for them to
imbibe.

Resume Worded'’s Exciting Company, New York, NY 2015 — 2017
Tutor
e Championed creative study techniques to help 2.3K students learn difficult concepts more
easily; enhanced their grades by 78% in the 2016 academic session.
e Conducted special lesson plans for 95 struggling students that focused on building
confidence; improved their test-taking skills by 84%.
e Coached 209 international students to improve their English language skills by concentrating
on their conversational speaking practice.
e Partnered with 120 parents to design customized tutoring programs that fit their busy work
schedules within 15 days of employment.

EDUCATION

Resume Worded University, San Francisco, CA 2015
Master of Science in Education; Major in Psychology

SKILLS
Hard Skills Techniques Tools & Software Languages
e Coaching e Parent Interaction e Zoo-phonics e English (Native)
e Pedagogy e Child Assessment e Appletree e Greek (Fluent)

e Language Teaching e Meal Preparation e Schoology e Thai (Conversational)