Cormac Turing

Mechanical Engineer

 

Detailed-oriented mechanical engineer with 10+ years of experience in planning, designing, and Personal Info

developing state-of-the-art mechanical equipment. With XYZ Corp, optimized equipment layouts
Phone

512-215-1256

and space requirements to increase efficiency by 16% in two quarters. Completed 4 projects with
budgets over $100,000. Seeking to join ABC Company to help deliver the upcoming projects on

time, 5-10% below budget, and within specifications. E-mail
cormac.c.turing@gmail.com
Experience .
Linkedin
2014 - Senior Mechanical Engineer linkedin.com/in/cormaccturing11
present XYZ Corp, New York City, NY .
* Supervised the procurement of work. Managed multi-disciplinary project teams Skills
of 15+ colleagues. 3D CAD

Designed cutting-edge mechanical systems including heating, cooling, heat
rejection, air and water distribution, building automation, and controls.

 

Pro-E CREO CAD

Communicated directly with non-technical clients to establish their needs and

discuss design issues. Boosted customer retention by 24% within the first to eooe
years. Engineering Product Data

* Monitored the quality of work. Prevented 3 catastrophic failures by identifying Management Software (EPDMS)
critical design flaws. e e

 

Key achievement: Optimized equipment layouts and space requirements to
increase efficiency by 16% in two quarters..

Provide Cost Estimates for Materials,
Equipment, or Labor

 

2010 - Mechanical Engineer eceoee
2013 Acme, Queens, NY Communication With Non-Technical
* Performed condition assessments of mechanical systems service of Acme's Clients and Colleagues
physical assets, including plumbing, HVAC, electrical and other mechanical ryyyy )
systems.
* Conducted field inspections to identify defects at system and component level. Roce
+ Recommend potential interventions to improve overall asset condition and e e
meet benchmark performance requirements. Time-management

Prepared detailed reports to support condition assessment findings and certify
inspection results against applicable building codes.

2007 - Junior Engineering Assistant
2010 LMNO Company, New York City, NY
+ Performed engineering design and redesign of plumbing, piping, fire protection
systems, and heating and ventilating systems.
+ Prepared mechanical specifications, estimates, and studies for energy
conservation. Cut department costs by 20%.
+ Supervised and reviewed the work of non-technical consultants to make sure
communications with clients are accurate.

Education

2008 BSc in Mechanical Engineering, MIT, Cambridge, MA

Certificates

2018 Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing Professional, American Society of
Mechanical Engineers International

2013 Certified Reliability Engineer, American Society for Quality