Manoj Kumar ‘Mobile: +91-8692689290
EMAIL ID: manojgahlot3389@qm ail.com

 

Network Security Engineer and Consultant
Seeking a challenging position in a reputed organization which provides opportunities for professional growth and
advancement, where | can utilize my experience and acquired skills toward becoming a valuable team member.

Professional Overview 35+ years

 

‘© 3 years of experience in network security for India's leading private sector organizations.
* Experience in planning, design, implementation and configuration of network security setup.
© Maintenance, debugging and troubleshooting of network security architecture,

 

Experience Summary
‘+ Wipro InfoTech (Mysore), as a Security Management Engineer Feb 2014 ~ Present
+ Compton Computers Pvt Ltd (Delhi), as a Network Engineer April 2013 Feb 2014
‘* Baud Technologies (Gurgaon), as a Network Support Engineer Jan 2011-April 2013
Projects

 

+ First Gulf Bank (in Wipro InfoTech)
(Designation: Security Consultant)

‘+ Managing all International branches in the terms of data security by using Firewalls, VPNs, IPS, Mail
gateway, F5-LTM & ASM, RSA and Websense.

‘+ Creating plan of actions far security policies and then implementing on diferent security products to
harden the network from secutity threats,

Removing the vulnerabilties found in security audits.

Upgrading IPS and F5 WAF signatures as new updates are released

Troubleshooting various issues related to security products.

Maintaining High availabilty through Clusters and Disaster recovery (BCP/DRP) set-up.

Optimizing firewall rules

Taking, scheduling and restoring backup of security products.

4 Innodata tsogen (in Compton Computers)
(Designation: Network Security Engineer)
‘+ Successfully deployed and managed Checkpoint 12200 Series UTM Firewalls in Load Sharing and
High Availability mode
‘+ Managed Cisco ASA, Checkpoint and Juniper firewalls.
‘+ Managed Site-to-Site VPNs and GRE over IPSec using OSPF for different branches.
Used Websense and Cisco Ironport for URL fitering, creating custom fiters, policies, exceptions,
whitelisting and block listing of URLS
© Configured stacking of switches.
‘+ Performed hardening of routers, switches and firewalls.

 

% Baud Technologies

Upgraded Cisco ASA firewalls for various clients.
Configured and provided support for Routers, Switches, Firewalls & VPNs