[1 gome_pk89s@gmail.com 9 102 Smithfield Ave, White Plains, NY 10605, United States

Profile

Experienced and self-motivated Manager bringing forth valuable industry experience
and a passion for management. Results oriented with a proven track record of working
collaboratively with team members to achieve goals. Experienced in both retail and
culinary settings, and adept at effectively managing all operations.

Employment History
General Manager, H&M, White Plains
September 2014 — September 2019
e Served as a successful leader, promoting and achieving store success.
e Encouraged employees to do their best and increased store productivity
immensely.
e Identified and maximized sales opportunities and increased customer retention
rates.
e Successfully handled visual merchandising and worked to promote company
vision.
e Led recruitment efforts and training of new employees.

Assistant Store Manager, H&M, White Plains
September 2012 — September 2014
e Provided optimal assistance to the General Manager and handled a variety of
tasks.
e Assisted with recruitment and training of new employees, while also monitoring
the productivity of current employees.
¢ Worked to ensure a neat and attractive sales environment and assisted in the
setup of visual displays.
e Handled work logs and the organization of employee files.
e Assisted with payroll and distributed paychecks to employees.

Sales Associate, The Guilded Lynx
May 2009 — August 2012
e Served as an enthusiastic and knowledgeable Sales Associate in this high-end
jewelry boutique.
e Remained informed and up to date on the current stock and offerings.
e Answered all customer queries with friendliness and expertise.
e Worked to provide optimal browsing and buying experiences for all visitors and
customers.

Education

Associate of Communications, Purchase College, Purchase, NY
August 2001 — May 2005

High School Diploma, White Plains High School, White Plains, NY

% (914) 804-6157

Skills

General Management
TE TT! SS

Problem Solving Skills
2 a a
Business Development
Strategies

EE a
Interpersonal Communica-
tion Skills

i
Time Management Skills

Multitasking Skills
a a ee ee