Robert Smith hone (12) 456 7890

mall Infocuvikresume,com
Website: vauu.quikresume.com
Linkedin: linkedin. com/quikresume.
‘Address; 1737 Marshullle Road, Alabarna

 

Information Technology Specialist Il

SUMMARY

Experienced in testing, designing and enhancing IT Solutions. Comratted to improving business.
productivity, efficiency, and developing insightful solutions to current business practices, Abily to
document, analyze clients! existing systems and business models to understand thelr strengths
‘and weaknesses. Determined opportunities to automate existing functions and processes,
‘Tanslated business requirements into functional spectfications and manage changes to those
specifications, Redesigned current business processes for newer technology.

SKILLS

Server 2003, Server 2008 R2, Windows XP, Vista, 7,8, Microsoft Ofice 2007, Microsoft Orfice
2013, Exchange 2003, Exchange 2008, Sharepoint, Active Directory

WORK EXPERIENCE

Information Technology Specialist It
‘ABC Corporation -January 2011 - Present
Promoting cost-effective, high-performance computer technoloay that will provide continuous
iimprovernent to in-house productivity and efficiency,
Contributing analytical and technical expertise regarding in-house computer-related hardware
and plantibusiness information technology
Understanding the business process that utilizes computer Information technology.
Installing, configuring, performance tuning, administering and troubleshooting all Inhouse
Comnputer-related hardware and softvare
Complying with company data backup, disaster recovery, sottware licensing, security and
authorlzation polices,
+ Malntaining an auult record of Plant hardwere/software. Maintaining software licensing
* Developing, documenting and maintaining necessary in-house information and nor-plant foot
data collection systems

Principal Information Technology Specialist
‘ABC Corporation - September 2006 ~ July 2010
Setup, maintained, and troubleshoot all printers (Including monitoring Ink levels and

Inventory)
Managed Window updates forall enchuser systems. Managed virus protection reports and

provide resolution to issues,
Maintained company phone/ communication system,

Evaluated system potential by testing the compatibiity of new programs with existing
programs

Evaluated expansions or enhancements by studying workload and capacity of the computer
systern

Maximized the use of hardware and software by training Users, interpreting instructions, and
‘answering questions,

This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your culrent role,

EDUCATION
BS 2011 (Jefferson Community College)

(Ths Fre Resume Templats the copyright of Qiks cor. saga Guba