Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Summary

Excellent platform knowledge with Linux, Automation and Open source software tools with around 6 years of experience includes

DevOps, Build Release Engineer and Linux Administration. Experience includes the cloud management AWS as well as DevOps

development in Windows, Linux and Mac OS systems. “Managed environments DEV, SIT, QA, UAT and PROD for various releases

and designed instance strategies. “Responsible for the management of cloud services AWS “Ability to work closely with teams, to

ensure high quality and timely delivery of builds and releases. Strong ability to troubleshoot any issues generated while building,

deploying and in production support. *Good Interpersonal Skills, team-working attitude, takes initiatives and very proactive in

solving problems and providing best solutions.

Skills

Amazon Web Services AWS: EC2, 53, VPC, EMR, SPARK,
IAM.ELB

Languages: RUBY, SHELL, BASH, PYTHON

DevOps tools: CHEF, PUPPET, ANSIBLE, Packers, Terraform,

Container Management: Docker

CI/CD tools: GIT, SVN, Jenkins, Nexus, Maven, Ant
Linux: RedHat, CentOS

MySQL, SQL, RDBMS, DynamoDB

Selenium * Monitoring tools: Splunk, NAGIOS, CloudWatch, NewRelic
* Operating Systems: Linux, UNIX/LINUX,MACOS. * JIRA, Confluence
* Agile: Scrum
Experience

DevOps Engineer, 08/2017 to Current
Saic— Suitland, MD

Worked with Jenkins under the CUCD pipeline providing continuous improvement to agile software development teams
Experienced in Infrastructure as Code and using most of the AWS services like EC2, $3, IAM, ELB, VPC etc.

Experience in Setting up the build and deployment automation for Terraform scripts using Jenkins.

Worked on Ansible, used YML packages for installing, configuring push to make changes in time.

Involved in DevOps automation processes for build and deployment of a Stier web architecture

Monitored RDS with Postgres instances and Elastic Load Balancer for performance and availability.

Experience in troubleshooting ay issues generated while build and deployments.

Deployed configuration management and provisioning to AWS using Packer-Docker and Terraform, involved in auto-mated
deployment of EBS on to the AWS Cloud ec? instance server and automated the complete deployment environment on AWS.
Created multiple terraform modules to manage configurations, applications, services and automate installation process for Web
Server and AWS instances.

Installed Docker, created Dockerfile to create containers and integrated Docker with Jenkins to do build on Docker containers
and to achieve Continuous Delivery goal on high scalable environment.

Managed deployment automation using Packer-Docker, Terraform to automate system operations Handled work from initial
stage of development to create branches, make developers follow standards creating build scripts, labeling, automating the build
process and deploy process by using Jenkins plugin.

Experience with analysis of logs and performing root cause analysis for various issues coming up on daily basis

Used New Relic for the infrastructure monitoring, Worked for multiple environments, including non-production and production
environments.

Installed and configured the monitoring tool SPLUNK for tracing the logs and maintained the code quality by using SonarQube
Work with different team members for automation of Release components.

Implement and Enhanced Scripts which are developed in Shell, Perl, Ruby and Python.

Also the environment includes Hadoop, DynamoDB, SPARK, EMR and few other.

Experience with CI (Continuous Integration) and CD (Continuous Deployment) methodologies using Jenkins

Creating the containers by using Docker.

Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers/storage using CloudWatch.
Experience with Bug tracking tool like JIRA.

Having good Experience in Configuration Management tools like Ansible for transferring and running the modules with the
help of SSH based systems.

Environment: GIT, JENKINS, JenkinsFile, Jenkins Pipeline project, Packer, Docker, Terraform, EMR, Hadoop, SPARK, DynamoDB,
Airflow, Ansible, JIRA, AWS, $3, IAM, AWS, EC2, ANT, PUTTY, CONFLUENCE, MAVEN.

DevOps Engineer, 10/2015 to 07/2017
Saic— Sunnyvale, CA

Responsible for automation with Enterprise GitHub, Jenkins and Sonar Nexus.
Imported and managed multiple applications into GIT.

Designed, developed, implemented, and maintained custom Gradle tasks in Java and Groovy build tools for application layer
modules and configured Jenkins as a Continuous Integration tool for automation of daily process.

‘Wrote groovy scripting to set up Job DSL within Jenkins.

Ability to create new Jenkins jobs rapidly and allows configuration of jobs to be stored in source control.

Implemented Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using CloudFormation templates and Puppet.

Designed and implemented Continuous Delivery (CD) pipeline using Puppet for Configuration management, deployment and
server automation, automated the setup and teardown of isolated staging environment for automated testing.

Worked on creation of Puppet manifest files to install Tomcat instances and to manage configuration files for multiple
applications.

Configured and integrated the servers for different environments to automatically provision and configuration management of
‘Linux instances using CM/ Provisioning tool Puppet.

Built Puppet manifests and bootstrap scripts to allow us to bootstrap instances to various roles without having to maintain
AMIs.

Deploying the content cloud platform on AWS using EC2, $3, and EBS, also evaluated PUPPET Framework and tools to
automate cloud deployments and operations.

Configured most of the services of AWS stack and Developed few python scripts for AWS services.

Managing and monitoring the server and network infrastructure using NAGIOS and tested the code quality using Selenium.
Developed Shell scripts to run the unit tests on different jobs in Jenkins like testing the code.

Created and maintained the Shell deployment scripts for TC Server/Tomcat web application servers.

Developed Perl and shell scripts for automation of the build and release process.

Migrated on Premise MySQL database to Multi Availability Zone RDS instances.

Responsible for the development and maintenance of processes and associated scripts/tools for automated build, testing and
deployment of the products to various developments.

Installed/Configured and Managed Nexus Repository Manager and all the Repositories.

JIRA is used as ticket tracking, change management and Agile/SCRUM tool.

Environment: Subversion (SVN), Jenkins, AWS, MAVEN, PUPPET, TC Server, Tomcat, Shell/Perl Scripts, Linux.

Build and Release Engineer, 09/2014 to 08/2015
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc. - Fayetteville, NC, INDIA

Managed and examined the Development code following the Software Development Life Cycle Model.
Maintained SVN repositories for DevOps environment: automation code and configuration.

Experience in writing maven pom.xml and ant build.xml for build scripts.

Developed build and deployment scripts using ANT and MAVEN as build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to
other environments.

Setting up continuous integration and formal builds using Bamboo with Artifactory repository.

Developed scripts in Ruby to package log files and send them to a remote server.

Create and Maintain Subversion Branching, Merging and Tagging across each Production releases and perform builds using
Jenkins Continuous Integration using Maven Scripts.

Setting up and installing dedicated Jenkins servers for each project.

Primary duties include Build and Deployment of the java applications onto different environments like Dev, QA, UAT and Prod.
Worked on the transition project which involves migration activities from Ant to Maven to standardize the build across all the
applications.

Involved in Installing Jenkins on a Linux machine and created a master and slave.

Configuration to implement multiple parallel builds through a build farm.

‘Consumed various SOAP and REST web services related to requirement.

Build artifacts (war and ear) are deployed into a WebLogic app server by integrating the WLST scripts to Shell Scripts.
Generated Ant, Perl and UNIX scripts for build activities in QA, Staging and Production environments.

Maintained configuration files for each application for build purpose and installed on different environments.

Deployed JAVA/J2EE applications through WebLogic/WebSphere Application servers.

Worked closely with the team to review code for compatibility issues, resolve issues as they arise, and implement deployment
processes and improvements on a continuous basis.

Environment: Windows, Bamboo, Shell, Selenium, Python, Golang, Web Logic Server 11g, SQL, J2EE, Shell, UNIX, Windows NT/
2000 and WebSphere, SVN, Jenkins, Maven, GIT.

Linux Administrator, 03/2012 to 07/2014
Criterion Systems — Reston, VA, India

Administered, maintained RedHat 4.0, 5.0 Troubleshooting Hardware, Operating System Application & Network issues and
performance issues; Deployed latest patches for, Linux and Application servers, Performed Red Hat Linux Kernel Tuning.
Experience in implementing and configuring network services such as FIP, HTTP, DHCP, and TFTP.

Administered Linux servers for several functions including managing Apache/Tomcat server, mail server, and MySQL
databases in both development and production.

Migrated database applications from Windows 2000 Server to Linux server.

Installing and setting up Oracle 9i on Linux for the development team.

Linux kernel, memory upgrades and swaps area and RedHat Linux Kickstart Installation.

Capacity Planning, Infrastructure design and ordering systems

Created users, manage user permissions, maintain User & File System quota on Red hat Linux.

Bash shell-scripts to automate routine activities.

Monitored trouble ticket queue to attend user and system calls

Attended team meetings, change control meetings to update installation progress, and for upcoming changes in environment.
Updated data in inventory management package for Software and Hardware products.

Worked with DBAs on installation of RDBMS database, restoration and log generation.

Environment: Red Hat Linux 4.0,5.0 AS ES, Oracle 9i/10g, Samba, VMware Tomcat 3.x,4.x,5.x, Apache Server.

Education and Training

Bachelors of Engineering