SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

 

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

CERTIFICATIONS

 

 

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

5+ years of professional IT experience in design, develop, build and deployment of web applications. 2+ years
in practicing Cloud Computing, DevOps & Quality Engineering.

Extensive experience in setting up CVCD .
pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Maven,
Docker, Nexus, Artifactory, Slack and .
‘AzureDevOps

Extensive experience in distributed Agile and.

Scrum methodologies to develop best practices

for software development and implementation —«

Strong experience in migrating applications to
both AWS and Azure cloud platforms

Strong experience in working with version control. *

systems such as Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, Azure
Git

Experience working with developing scripts and

automation tools used for building, integrating
and deploying sofware releases to multiple

environments. .

Strong hands on experience in scripting
languages such as Groovy, JSON, YAML, Ruby,
Shell scripting

Strong experience in code quality and code
coverage tools such as SonarQube, JaCoCo
and JUnit

Good knowledge of virtualization and container
technology like Docker. Experience in creating
Dockerfiles and working with Docker containers.

DEVOPS ENGINEER
‘Two International Inc. | De, WA

One of top retailers in the United States.

Have good knowledge in setting up Kubernetes
clusters using Amazon EKS

Strong exposure to configuration management
tools such as Terraform, Ansible and Puppet.
Strong knowledge on practicing TDD,
automating Junit tests using Maven in Jenkins.
Strong knowledge in Tomcat, WebLogic servers
on different Operating Systems like Windows,
Linux VMware, UNIX and SJessicaris platforms
Participated in the release cycle of the product
which involved environments like Development,
QA UAT and Production

Worked with project documentation and
documented other application related issues,
bugs on internal wiki website

A highly motivated, energetic individual, a team
player with excellent communication and inter-
personal skils.

07/2020 to CURRENT

In this project, as a Cloud DevOps Engineer, | am responsible for managing AWS resources in cloud
and maintain Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CUCD) pipeline for fast paced robust

application development environment.
Contributions:

Rebuild of entire existing platform over to Docker containers.
Set up CICD pipelines for Microservices and integrated tools such as Maven, Bitbucket, SonarQube,
Nexus, Docker, Slack for providing immediate feedback to DEV teams after code check-in.

Wrote Ansible playbooks from scratch in YAML.

Installing, setting up & Troubleshooting Ansible, created and automated platform environment setup.
Set up Git repositories and SSH Keys in GitHub for Agile teams.

Integrated GitHub web hooks into Jenkins to automate the code check-out process

Implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve the Performance of Jenkins
Created Dockerfile and automated docker image creation using Jenkins and Docker.

Automated infrastructure provisioning on AWS using Terraform and Ansible

Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode

Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when

conditions not met.
Setup Kubernetes clusters using Amazon EKS.

AZORE CLOUD ENGINEER

Alvarez & Marsal | Atlanta, GA

01/2019 to 06/2020

| am responsible for managing Azure resources in cloud and maintain Continuous Integration and
Continuous Deployment (CV/CD) pipeline for fast paced robust application development environment.
‘As a member of onboarding team, my responsibility is to implement DevOps transformation by working
with Agile teams to migrate applications to Azure platform

Contributions:

Setup repos on Azure Git, merging code from develop branch to master branch and make it ready for

deployment.

Migrated legacy applications to Microsoft Azure Cloud PaaS by setting up CIICD pipelines on

‘AzureDevOps

Created WebApps (PaaS solutions) on Azure portal for deploying web applications using Azure DevOps

pipelines

Created nightly builds with integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube, Veracode
Helped teams to reduce defects rate by 30% by introducing TDD in first 3 months
Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when

conditions were not met.

Set up the SonarLint plug-ins in developer's workstation for detecting defects early during development.
Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into micro services, improving
developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed.

Implemented Release management workflow for QA, UAT and Prod environments.

Prepared and presented SCM best practices for implementing continuous integration for the team

FIC.D ENGINEER

Ocado Group Plc | Pleasant Prairie, WI

Supported Achor project.
Worked on BBU upgrades when started the project.

01/2016 to 11/2018

Worked on L1900 2nd carrier, NR600, L700, AAS - GSM, UMTS and LTE network troubleshooting

Installation, integration & troubleshooting, Testing

Installation and Integration of the new Ericsson equipment, BB6630
Installation and troubleshooting on the anchor cabinet on ptp.
Transport and Technical/Training support to fulfil multi-technology wireless network deployments and

installations across customer markets

GSM cascading and local maintenances and troubleshooting through OMT.

UMTS Export and Delete and local maintenance

Conducted VIP Drive, £911and call and speed test using the SRS APP.
Performing cabinet swap, sector add, Antenna swap and Radio swap.

DUS to BBUS630 Upgrades.

Bachelor of Science | Business Education
University Of Lagos, Lagos

AWS SOLUTION ARCHITECT

2010