JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Detail-oriented professional with more than 13 years of construction experience in pipe laying, bedding and backfilling pipe. Experienced in

concrete layout, forming, placement, and finishing.

 

HIGHLIGHTS

« Engineering software * Military Experience
* Background in GPS surveying

* Strong communication skills

Project Management

‘Vast computer knowledge
Mathematical skills

# Leadership experience

© Creative problem solving Project management

* Autodesk AutoCAD software

Blueprint Reading Experience
‘* Experienced Equipment Operator

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

«Supervised and trained apprentice project designers and watched over product installation to ensure quality and efficiency

* Produced complex drawings and compiled several drawings into one finished product for customers for easier viewing and a more
organized record of irrigation systems

« Have created numerous Excel templates using my own formulas for different areas in the pipeline career field which include cut sheets,
depression main sizing, billing sheets, and work order sheets

« In the last ten years I have worked my way up from top man, to bottom man, and eventually to head surveyor and office manager in the
pipe laying career field

* Was voted Dorm Council Vice President in Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany after only four months of being stationed there.

© Created the first ever chess club at NK high school in Northwood IA.

© Chess club champion two years in a row at NK high school.

 

EXPERIENCE

Land Surveyor - Layout Designer - Office Manager, 03/2013 - Current
L&E Farm Drainage — City, STATE
* Use excavators and backhoes to locate old tile systems to ensure proper placement of newly designed drainage systems.

* Use excavators and backhoes to dig on-grade bottoms for underground farm drainage pipeline mains,

Use backhoes, dozers, tampers, and packers to back fill spoil piles for underground pipeline mains

Design and develop agricultural drainage systems and managed numerous projects simultaneously

customer records.

Thave created numerous templates, including a fully dynamic cut sheet template, billing sheet templates, and mapping templates.

Land Surveyor - Layout Designer, 08/2011 - 01/2012
Drainage Design And Survey — City, STATE
* Designed and developed agricultural drainage systems and managed numerous projects simultaneously.
* Thave provided onsite training for two apprentices during my time here.
« Tused several software programs including AutoCAD to create detailed maps used for tile installation guides, billing purposes, and
customer records

* Thave created numerous templates, including a fully dynamic cut sheet template, billing sheet templates, and mapping templates.

Pipeline Laborer - Land Surveyor - Layout Designer, 05/2006 - 08/2011
‘Hodgman Drainage Co — City, STATE

  

* Worked my way up from top man to bottom when installing underground sewer and water pipelines.
* Made sure pipelines were on grade and fastened together properly.

* Designed and developed agricultural drainage systems and managed numerous projects simultaneously.

« Tused several software programs including AutoCAD to create detailed maps used for tile installation guides, billing purposes, and

customer records.

Concrete Laborer - Finisher, 04/2005 - 04/2006

Hanna Concrete — City, STATE
« Helped design concrete layouts for footings, sidewalks, driveways, grain bins, and roads.
* Used and installed concrete forms for concrete placement.

* Poured, finished, screeded, and edged concrete placements.

Liquid Fuels Maintenance Technician, 05/2003 - 08/2004
United States Air Force — City, STATE
* Responsible for proper function of all underground and above ground liquid fuel pipelines on Spangdahlem Air Base.
« Installed and maintained underground pipelines, fuel tanks, filter separators, and pump stations for JPS jet fuel, diesel fuel, and gasoline
fuel,

* Continued training throughout my career in the Air Force.

Tourrently use several software programs including AutoCAD to create detailed maps used for tile installation guides, billing purposes, and

 

EpucaTion

Completion Certificate : AutoCAD Civil 3D 2011 Template Creation, 2011
‘Managed Design Inc - Edina, MN

Advanced coursework in AutoCAD Civil 3D 2011 template creation and usage.
* General coursework in AutoCAD Civil 3D 2011

 

Completion Certificate: General Coursework in AutoCAD Civil 3D 2011, 2011
‘Managed Design Inc. - Edina, MN

Diploma: Liquid Fuels Maintenence, 2003
Liquid Fuels Maintenance Technical School, United Stated Air Force - Sheppard Air Force Base, TX.
Studied and had on the job training for installing and maintaining underground pipeline system, fuel containment tanks, filter separators, and

pump stations.

High School Diploma: General Coursework, 2003
Northwood - Kensett Jr - Sr Highshcool - Northwood, IA
* General coursework with highlights in mathematics.
« Played snare and bass drum in band and marching band.
« Helped create the first ever chess club at NK highschool

* Chess club champion two years in a row.

 

Accomplished 12 year wrestler.

 

SKILLS

Computer
* Fluent in CAD Software Utilization
* Microsoft Excel Utilization
* Quickbooks Experience

Machine

 

© Very Experienced Excavator Operator
« Efficient in Dozer Operation, Backfilling and Grading
* Skid Loader Experience
Laborer
« Experienced in top man and bottom man when laying pipe
+ Experienced in concrete forming, placement, and finishing
Management
© Office manager: In charge of all filing, maps, and software on all company computers
«* Project Designer: Design and manage all product installation to ensure quality and efficiency

«Train apprentice surveyors in project design and job mapping to perform accurately and efficiently