Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Summary
Motivated accounting and sales professional focused on maintaining accurate, compliant records and controls responsive to dynamic
operating conditions. Detail-oriented and efficient in coordination among different departments in timely manner.

Results-oriented sale professional with 3 years of experience in sales, and one year experience in accounting . Quick and eager learner
with acute attention to detail and consistent track record of identifying process improvements to drive quClairety, accuracy, and

efficiency.
Skills

Bilingual (English, Urdu, Punjabi, Hindi) Email Communication
Active listening Experience of working in people soft
Communication Co-ordinate with Multi departments
Computer

Customer service

Interpersonal

Leadership

Management skills

Problem-solving

Time management

‘Multi Tasking

Work under pressure
Experience

Accountant, 04/2019 to 04/2020
Ametek, Inc. — Aurora, IL
* Weekly Reporting

* Cost Score Board update

* Bad Debts score Board Update

© Bi-weekly Area Callbacks Tracker

© GPS & Toll Pass Devices Inventory Report

Monthly Duties

* Update Score board weekly

© Update Bi-weekly Area callbacks Tracker Bi-weekly

© Upload and create COL certificates on PIN Project for vendors

* Send Pick up request for impounded units

© Worked on conversions / Demand Letters

© Key in all LOR invoices

* Clean Credits end of the Month

« Helped VR(Vehicle Repair) on Shop Cars

* Communicate with vendors regarding payments and invoices

Secured positive customer satisfaction ratings by resolving issues efficiently.

Reviewed and reconciled discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.

Organized expense reports to track and report expenses on business-related trips.

Facilitated month-end close processes, invoicing, journal entries and account reconciliations.

Developed 30-60-90 day past due report to track monthly defaulted donors.

Supported senior leadership by preparing monthly and quarterly financial statements to enhance database accuracies.
Assessed accounting accuracy, performing daily cash functions including A/P and A/R tracking.

Assistant Manager, 07/2017 to 04/2019
Urban Air Adventure Park — New Braunfels, TX

« Implemented training processes for newly hired employees and supervised department managers, shift leads and production
personnel.

* Planned and prepared workflow schedules, delegating tasks for 8 member team.

* Enforced company policies and procedures to strengthen operational standards across departments.

* Provided leadership and direction for employees, supervising activities to drive productivity and efficiency.

* Cultivated customer loyalty by training team members in industry-leading service standards

+ Produced monthly sales and performance reports, supporting operational planning and strategic decision making.

+ Completed inventory audits to identify losses and project future demands.

« Increased annual sales by driving operational efficiencies and building customer rapport to foster loyalty.

« Initiated inventory control measures to manage and replenish stock, maintain costs and meet customer demands while
monitoring clothing, accessory and shoe levels.

« Analyzed trends, identifying consumer demand and forecasting seasonal trends.

« Trained team to deliver outstanding customer service, boosting customer satisfaction ratings 95%.

* Collaborated with store manager to develop strategies for achieving sales and profit goals.

* Maintained positive work ethic and commitment to providing excellent service to improve operations efficiency and customer
satisfaction.

« Improved efficiency and productivity by implementing organization systems for financial reports, schedules and inventory
control.

* Delegated daily tasks to team members to optimize team productivity.

* Managed personnel scheduling, facilitating adequate coverage to meet demand.

* Developed and implemented performance improvement programs, by doing monthly re-views and one-o-one meetings.

« Supported sales management initiatives to optimize business development.

* Conducted job interviews, led employee performance evaluations with constructive feedback and rewarded top sales performers
to attract and retain top-quClairety personnel.

* Secured revenue, accurately monitoring transactions and deposits to eliminate discrepancies.

+ Mentored staff to enhance skills and achieve daily targets, using hands-on and motivational leadership.

* Coached and mentored employees by delivering training, guidance and performance monitoring.

« Set up monthly targets and meet them.

Management Trainee, 09/2016 to 07/2017
Beef Products - Dakota Dunes, SD
* Balanced cash drawer daily and performed all opening and closing duties.
* Tracked, recorded and reported customer satisfaction data for each shift.
* Worked alongside senior team members to learn all related job tasks and roles.
* Decreased costs by negotiating with vendors and suppliers for better prices.
« Assisted with administrative tasks to better understand industry processes.
* Greeted and assisted all customers daily in high-traffic retailer.
« Standardized policies to maintain compliance with company guidelines and regulatory requirements.
* Drove profit increases by leveraging market knowledge and natural leadership talents.
* Ran daily reports to assess performance and make proactive adjustments,
* Cross-trained in every store role to maximize operational knowledge.
+ Accomplished objectives in 5 months.
« Helped business managers keep operations running smoothly, increase revenue and optimize processes to capitClaireze on
industry changes.

« Assumed responsibilities of store manager during absences.

Education and Training
Master's of Commerce And Accounting: Accounting / Finance, 2003

University of Punjab, Pakistan - Pakistan

Bachelor of Arts: Commerce / Accounting / Economics , 2001
University of Punjab, Pakistan - Pakistan