JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Dedicated Information Technology Analyst offering more than 4 years of hospitality experience, providing in-depth knowledge of hospitality
software and operations for the following departments: Front Office, Housekeeping, Engineering, Security, and Information Technology.

 

HIGHLIGHTS
+ Exceptional customer service # M-Tech's HotSOS software Expert
+ Exceptional communicator « Extensive M-Tech's REX software experience
+ Exceptional at multitasking * Micros's OPERA PMS, End of Day, and Configuration experience
+ Exceptional project manager * Citric Reserve Experience
+ Exceptional computer proficiency + Morse Watchman's Key Watcher and Tour Pro configuration
+ Exceptional writer/document builder experience

« Front Office experience
+ Housekeeping experience
+ Engineering experience

* Security experience

Extensive MS Office experience
PC Software & Hardware experience
Mac Software & Hardware experience

IOS Software & Hardware experience

« Information Technology experience

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

« Earned “Employee of the Month” at Hyatt Regency Wichita

+ Earned “Employee of the Month” at Hyatt Regency New Orleans.

«* Played a key role in the development and role out of the 'HotSOS We Care! program: resulting in more effective, accurate, and efficient
follow-up of guest concems

© Created the 3 Primary M-Tech HotSOS manuals used in Hyatt Hotels: HotSOS Manual, H2Go Manual, HotSOS Operational Programs
Manual

* Created many procedural documents used for Rooms operations

EXPERIENCE

 

Information Technology Analyst, 02/2013 - Current
Kimley-Horn And Associates, Inc. - Colorado Springs, CO

 

* Responsible for providing technical support to hotel guests, associates and management with hotel technology systems and hardware

« Install and maintain hotel IT hardware and software in accordance with brand standards.

+ Utilize defined processes, procedures and protocols to uphold the security, structure and integrity of hotel networks and systems.

* Perform required IT maintenance and upgrades with minimal disruption to hotel operations, and maintain proper backups for supported
systems.

* Focus on the day-to-day availability and functionality of IT systems in the hotel and resolve standard user issues.

* Develop and use access controls to prevent unauthorized access, modification, disclosure, misuse, manipulation, or destruction of systems,
networks, applications and data

« Plan, assess, monitor, deploy and report the state of compliance and any required mitigation and remediation activities (e.g., PCI, SOX,
Data Privacy, etc.)

+ Provide timely technical support to users, restore service and/or identify and resolve problems

« Provide regular monitoring of platform and system activities, isolating problems and determining their cause

Night Auditor, 11/2012 - Current
Affinity Gaming — Osceola, IA
« Roll business systems into the next business day
+ Audit business reports
* Assemble audit package
* Act as the night MOD and front office staff
* Coordinate the completion of guest needs with overnight guest request personnel
* Daily use of Micros OPERA, Saflok, and Citrix Reserve

Guest Request (HotSOS) Coordinator, 02/2012 - 02/2013
Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd — Dixon, CA
* Function as the primary build expert to configure, build, and install the guest request application (HotSOS).
« Perform in-depth and precise investigation and documentation of current and future operational functionality of the guest request
application.
« Have in-depth knowledge of the software application as well as understand the policies, procedures, and constraints of the hotel operation
supported by the guest request application.
* Develop and document internal procedures, collected information, and prepared specifications on system enhancements
+ Analyze the functionality of the guest request application while doing testing of operational systems.
* Develop user training aids and assisted in training the end-user in work flow and use of the guest request application.
«Primary contact to troubleshoot problems and questions from end-users during training, go-live and stabilization periods
+ Analyze the data being provided by the guest request application in order to enhance the efficiency of hotel operations
+ Monitor the guest request application, and ensured that all departments are providing timely responses to orders.
* Daily use of M-Tech HotSOS, M-Tech REX, and Micros OPERA.

Front Desk Agent/Rooms Control, 08/2011 - 02/2012
‘Hyatt Regency New Orleans — City, STATE
* Responsible for the efficient operation of the rooming process including arrangements such as the pre-blocking, pre-registration and final
check-in of guests based upon time of arrival and special requests.
* Posted charges and settled folios for individuals and groups as well as resolved due-outs and completed express check-outs.
+ Provided direction and support for front line Front Desk Agents.
+ Maintained an exceptional relationship with Housekeeping staff
* Maintained accuracy within accommodation availability.
« Ensured that customer's concems were handled in an effective, prompt and courteous manner.
* Demonstrated a positive demeanor to customers, both intemal and external, at all times.
* Daily use of Micros OPERA, Saflok, Citrix Reserve, and M-Tech HotSOS

Security Agent, 05/2009 - 08/2011
Hyatt Regency Wichita — City, STATE
* Oversaw the safety and security of the hotel and guests throughout the evening hours.

Conducted security walks throughout the hotel property and responded to guest requests and any noise complaints.

Problem solved and troubleshooted in order to resolve guest issues and responded appropriately to emergency situations

Acted as the overnight guest request personnel
Daily use of, and configuration knowledge for Morse Watchman Key Watcher and Tour Pro software

NAVY Seal Candidate, 09/2008 - 2009
United States Navy — City, STATE
* Promoted to Section Leader; Special Operations Warfare Division (SEAL DIVISION #802)

 

Navy Seal Training consisted of rigorous physical and mental exercises daily
«Trained in discipline and structuring of life
© CPR/ Choking Prevention training

Firearm / Weapons Safety training

 

EpucaTion

Exercise Science
Wichita State University - Wichita, KS
© 3.5 GPA