JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor # (55:

 

5) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Hardworking Advocate offering deep dedication to meeting client needs. Empathetic and caring and quickly building rapport. Maintain
confidentiality with sensitive and health-related matters. Good knowledge of organizing classroom for children, promoting intellectual, physical
and emotional activities to support clients. Experience in customer service and assisting in administrative tasks. Possess good communication

and interpersonal skills.

 

SKILLS
« Excellent verbal and written communication skills * Ability to listen and evaluate objectively
«Strong organizational skills + Excellent working knowledge of child welfare system and family
« Ability to interact with people in Various settings <dynamics/childhood mental health issues and needs as well as the
* Work independently and cooperatively as part of a team systems that impact children, youth and their families.
* Ability to handle conflicts with diplomacy and tact © Cultural Sensitivity

© Customer Service

 

EXPERIENCE

Elite Advocate. 09/2021 - Current
Towas Of Oklahoma — Chandler, OK
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
« Provides premium level service, removing burdens and providing end-to-end resolution for members. This includes, but is not limited to
Clinical, Financial Decision Support, Behavioral Support, Claims inquiries, and more.
+ Provide single point of contact for the member for highly designated or dedicated UHC national or key account insurance plans
+ Respond to and own consumer inquiries and issues by identifying the topic and type of assistance the caller needs such as benefits,
eligibility, claims, financial spending accounts, correspondence, OptumRx Pharmacy, Optum Behavioral Health and self-service options.
+ Own problem through to resolution on behalf of the member in real time or through comprehensive and timely follow-up with the member.
« Educate members about the fundamentals and benefits of consumer-driven health care topics to include managing their health and well-
being so they can select the best benefit plan options and maximize the value of their health plan benefits.
+ Advocate and intervene with care providers (doctor's offices) on behalf of the member to assist with appointment scheduling, billing
concerns, and coverage determinations.
+ Assist the member with resolution as their advocate with 3rd party vendors
«Assist members in navigating myuhe.com and other UnitedHealth Group websites or applications utilizing remote desktop system
capabilities
+ Communicate and keep consumer informed through the means in which they prefer, ie. Phone Call, secure messaging, e-mail or chat
* Research complex issues across multiple databases and work with support resources to resolve member issues and/or partner with others to
resolve escalated issues.
# Meet the performance goals established for the position in the areas of: conversation effectiveness, call quality, member satisfaction, first
call resolution, efficiency and attendance
ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES:

 

Answer up to 30 to 60 incoming calls per day from members of our health / dental / vision / pharmacy plans

* Performs claims adjustments/dollar payments to providers and/or members ultimately impacting UHC costs or commercial account costs

« Effectively refer and enroll members to appropriate internal specialists and programs, based on member's needs and eligibility using
multiple databases,

« Interpret and translate clinical / medical terminology into simple-to-understand terms for members

« Respond to and resolve on the first call, member service inquires and issues by identifying the topic and type of assistance the caller needs,
such as; benefits, eligibility and claims, financial spending accounts and correspondence.

+ Navigate through multiple platforms and databases to retrieve information regarding medical plans, prescription plans, flexible spending
accounts, health reimbursement accounts, vision plans, dental plans, employer-based reward plans, claims submissions, clinical programs,
etc.

* Must remain current on all communicated changes in process and policies / guidelines. Adapt to all process changes quickly, and maintain
knowledge of changes at site level and entity level by utilizing all available resources.

Resolve member service inquiries related to

* Medical benefits, eligibility and claims

* Terminology and plan design

« Financial spending accounts

Pharmacy benefits eligibility and claims
* Correspondence requests

Educate members about the fundamentals of health care benefits including:
* Managing health and well-being programs

* Maximizing the value of their health plan benefits
« Selecting the best health plan to meet their health needs
* Choosing a quality care provider and appointment scheduling
+ Premium provider education and steerage
+ Pre-authorization and pre-determination requests and status
* Benefit interpretation
* Self-service tools and resources
+ Healthcare literacy (correspondence and literature interpretation)
‘Work directly with site leadership to remove process barriers
Navigate multiple online resource materials and follow defined process for issue handling

Maximize use of community services, support programs, and resources available to member

Education Assistant, 09/2018 - 09/2021
Teachers On Call — City, STATE
Assume duties of the classroom teacher in accordance with school district lesson plans, school rules, and Kelly policies. This includes:
Leading instruction in the classroom by conducting the teacher's existing lesson plans
Teaching students on a variety of classroom topics/courses
Building positive relationships
Assigning reasonable tasks and homework
Empower students to leam, and encourage classroom participation
Create a classroom environment that’s conducive to learning and appropriate to the maturity and interests of students
Adapt to the various learning styles of students
Ensure adequate supervision of students and classroom environment to assure health, welfare, and safety of students.
Assist students in transition to and from classrooms, as needed

Understand, address, and be attuned to the needs of each student, recognizing differences in their abilities and cognitive levels

Indepent Living Specialist, 10/2016 - 09/2018
Recover Health — City. STATE
* Provides weekly individualized support assisting the consumer with activities of daily living
« Assists the consumer with accessing and navigating through community resources
+ Accompanies the consumer on outings within the community
«Serves as an advocate for the consumer with his/her service providers, providing IL skills training, advocacy assistance, career

consultation, and peer counseling services to youth in schools and adults in the community.

Behavior Heath Worker, 09/2012 - 10/2016
FMA Professional Resources — City, STATE
* Monitor, evaluate, and record client progress with respect to treatment goals
« Interview clients, review records, conduct assessments, or confer with other professionals to evaluate the mental or physical condition of
clients or patients.
* Collaborate with counselors, physicians, or nurses to plan or coordinate treatment, drawing on social work experience and patient needs.
* Counsel or aid family members to assist them in understanding, dealing with, or supporting the client or patient.
« Refer patient, client, or family to community resources for housing or treatment to assist in recovery from mental or physical illness,
following through to ensure service efficacy.

* Modify treatment plans according to changes in client status.

EDUCATION AND TRANG qa

Bachelor of Arts: Sociology, 11/2008
African Methodist Episcopal University - Monrovia, Liberia