Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Having 10+ years of experience as a SAP Basis administrator which involves experience in SAP Security as well. Strong client facing
skills with effective communication and coordinating skills with client management and team members. Hands-on exp in both
Administration & System Maintenance tasks. Done Installations, SPS Upgrades using SUM tools, System Refreshes using both
system copy & database restore methods for both db2 and Oracle database and using EPIUSE tool. Have been a part of BI system
migration from Oracle to Hana. Worked on client administration tasks like Client copy (Local, Remote & Import/Export), new client
creation, and Client deletion and maintaining client settings. Good troubleshooting skills in Portal landscape environment and good
experience in administration of j2ee engine with Visual admin, configtool & NWA monitoring. Performed System Refreshes for
ABAP and JAVA stacks for R3, ECC & BI systems. Strong exp in system Monitoring and issue resolving and carried out maintenance
activities like job scheduling, parameter changes, operation mode settings, SSH key exchange, applying SAP notes using SNOTE
transaction. Applied patches on EP NW7.0 stack and configured Federation btw BI portal and Enterprise Portal. Strong working
knowledge on OS platforms IBM AIX & HP-UX. Set up operation modes and configured logon load balancing across the application
servers. Experience in upgrading the support packages, stacks and Kernel on both ABAP & Java environments. Experienced in
handling transports, setting up Transport Management system and imports through STMS & OS level, local transports and changes
in domain controller. Good experience on Oracle and db2 database. Performed activities like Oracle patching (0-patch & mo-patch),
activities like Table Re-orgs, Tablespace maintenance using BRTOOLS, tempfile movement on Oracle db. Carried out DBA activities
like database refreshes using Backup & Restore Method for Oracle database & db2 database and other activities using SQLPLUS.
Performed security administration tasks like creating users, mass user creation (SU10, LSMW), Role Creation & Assignment, Role
transports & deletion and resolving issues based on authorizations. Good skills as Basis consultant in SAP Netweaver, SAP Solution
Components & MYSAP Business suite with the goal of providing high system reliability, performance and optimization. Have
knowledge of MDM (Master data Management). Proven accomplishments in roles with hands-on technical and configuration skills.

Ability to work in a time-constrained and team-oriented environment. Skill set:

Skills
* Guest services * Loss prevention
« Inventory control procedures * Cash register operations
* Merchandising expertise * Product promotions
Accomplishments

* Certifications:

Work History

SAP Basis Administrator, 2014 to Current
Amazon.Com, Inc. - Chantilly
* 6C, ECC6.0 NW 2004s, NW 7.31, EHP2 & higher, EP 6.0 ,SAP SOLMAN 7.1, GRC10 Operating Systems IBM AIX (5.1, 5.3, 5.6),
HP-UX 11.31 Database Oracle 9.2, 10.2, 11g, IBM DB2 V8.0 &V9.0 Merck & Co., Inc is an American pharmaceutical company and
is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world.
+ Merck headquarters is currently located in Whitehouse Station, New Jersey, though in 2013 the company announced it would be
relocating to Kenilworth, New Jersey by 2015.
+ The company was established in 1891 as the United States subsidiary of the German company now known as Merck KGaA.
* Merck & Co.
‘+ was confiscated by the US government during World War I and subsequently established as an independent American compan}

  

« Itis currently one of the world’s seven largest pharmaceutical companies by market capitalization and revenue.

« Responsibilities: Done System Refreshes using EPISUSE, GRC10 Installations, SAP Mobility Installs, SABRIX NW7.3 install.

* Green light RTADS End to End implementation.

* SPS Upgrade using SUM tool/JSPM.

« Installation, Patching and configuration for a Sybase Unwired Platform- SUP(version 2.2.2) JAVA Splits from dual stack
environments.

« Language Installs.

« Performed System Build activities, SMD Agent install and other maintenance activities.

* Other activities include applying SAP Notes, importing BI & BOBJ transports, etc.

« Involved in Portal activities, DBA tasks, troubleshooting issues, et.

* Involved in BI system Migration from Oracle to HANA.

* Environment: HP-UX 11.31, Oracle11.2.0.3.0,SAP ECC6.0, GRC10, SAP SCM7.02,SAP Netweaver 7.31, BI/BW, PI/XI, SAP SRM
7.02, SAP SOLMAN 7.1, SAP EP 7.31, SAP HANA SLT 7.02, HANA Studio- 1.0.6.

SAP Basis/Security Administrator, 05/2012 to 11/2013
Amazon.Com, Inc. Philadelphia, PA
* DuPont is a leader in chemical industry and is a diamond client for SAP in Accenture.

SAP has done a number of pilot projects with them before launching their key products in market.

DuPont has a separate business unit DPC (DuPont Performance Coating) expanding to Europe and Asia regions and is presently
in Design Build Phase.

DuPont is now to migrating to Netweaver Platform.

Responsibilities

SAP Basis Administrator, 05/2011 to 04/2012
Cognizant Technology Solutions - India
«Sysco is the global leader in selling, marketing and distributing food products to restaurants, healthcare and educational
facilities, lodging establishments and other customers who prepare meals away from home.

« Its family of products also includes equipment and supplies for the foodservice and hospitality industries Responsibilities

SAP Basis Consultant, 02/2010 to 04/2011
Applied Medical Distribution Corporation
* EVO stands for Evolutionary Vodafone Project and is a part of Vodafone.Project EVO is a 3 year business transformation
program to implement a single integrated operating model, consolidating the ERP packages from a total of 20 Operating
‘Companies (OpCos) and key business functions of the Vodafone Group into a single instance global enterprise solution,
« This single enterprise system will be based on SAP, other non SAP package solutions and will be integrated with OpCo legacy
systems,
« SAP will replace totally or partially the ERP solutions run by the OpCos.
* Responsibilities

SAP Secutity Administrator, 05/2008 to 01/2010
Amazon.Com, Inc. - Sterling, VA, India
BHP Billiton is The World's Largest Diversified Natural Resources Company.

BHP businesses, including aluminum, energy coal and metallurgical coal, copper, manganese, iron ore, uranium, nickel, silver

and titanium minerals, and have substantial interests in oil, gas, liquefied natural gas and diamonds.

Currently we are supporting the Security areas in SAP.

Responsibilities

SAP Basis Administrator, 2006 to 04/2008
APP Pharmaceuticals
« APP Pharmaceuticals is a leading manufacturer of multi-source and branded inject able pharmaceutical products for acute
medical care both in patient and ambulatory settings.
« Its’ broad portfolio of products covering a wide array of therapeutic categories, APP’s products provide ongoing affordable
healthcare helping millions of people in the United States and Canada fight critical illnesses Responsibilities
* Developed frontend and back-end of web applications.

Certifications
Certification Certification Status Year Certified ITIL-v3 Foundation Passed 2009
Education

Bachelor of Technology: Electronics & Communication Engg
From Mody Institute of Technology & Science, Lakshmangath. (Deemed University