JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Trained in technical support and infrastructure management. Knowledgeable about supporting users with in-person and remote assistance.
Quality-driven and self-motivated individual with a superior work ethic and diligent nature. Skilled multitasker with superior work ethic and
good teamwork, problem-solving and organizational skills. Willing to take on any task to help team. Reliable and dedicated team player with
hardworking and resourceful approach. Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure entry-level
marketing/social media internship position. Ready to help team achieve company goals. Organized and dependable candidate successful at
managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Has knowledge in
analytics assessment and offering exceptional writing skills. Promoting strong work ethic

 

SKILLS
* System Backups and Dumps + Network Topology
© Computer Validation IT Systems Support
© Recovery Plans Documentation ‘Computer Terminal Operations
* Network Hardware and Software Maintenance Microsoft Outlook
* System Monitoring Database Skills

« File Transfer
Information Tracking

© Upgrade Implementation

+ Eagemess to Lea New Technologies

* Data Building and Modeling

© Computer Repair

* Web Application Design

«System Start-Ups and Shutdowns

« Hardware Installation

« Peripheral Device Configuration

© Information Security

«Strong Communication and Interpersonal Skills
« Server Problem Identification

© Computer Operating Systems

* Bug Reports,

* Problem Analysis

© Database Design

* Help Desk Support

* User Account Management

New Technology Evaluations

 

Data and Trend Forecasting

Adobe Systems Adobe Dreamweaver
Marketing Analytics

Data Visualization

Google Drive

Computer Proficiency

Microsoft Visual Basic

Graphic Design

Apple macOS

Developing Presentations and Reports
Microsoft SharePoint

Microsoft Excel

Microsoft Office

Grammatical Skills

Product Marketing

Pricing Strategies

Marketing Mix

Marketing and Advertising

Creating Proposals

Problem-Solving

* Client Support Tableau
© System Documentation Writing
Work History

Information Technology Intern, 07/2021 - Current
Cuna Mutual Group - Memphis, TN

© Maintained all district servers.

* Collaborated with other intems on school-wide projects to meet program requirements and demonstrate skills development.
« Installed, modified and repaired software and hardware to resolve technical issues.

* Developed and maintained strong client relationships to deliver exceptional customer service and problem resolution.

+ Handled computer system troubleshooting and provided technical support to entire team for computer operations.

* Coordinated with IT teams to resolve advanced computer software and hardware problems

* Followed work orders precisely to identify equipment needed, materials required and sequences to correctly completing assignments.

+ Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices.

‘© Trained and supported end-users with software, hardware and network standards and use processes.

* Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows, Linux and Mac systems.

* Managed program errors with analytical approach focused on troubleshooting, diagnosing and resolving each problem.

Interlibrary Loan Assistant, 02/2021 - 12/2021
Sands Of Kahana — Lahaina, HI

« Kept library shelves and printed materials well-stocked and organized according to established system.

* Catalogued and sorted books and library materials.

+ Maintained and updated patron records in library system database

 

Assisted patrons with operation of library photocopiers, microfiche and audio/visual equipment.

+ Showed patrons where to find library resources and collected equipment, reference pieces and other items.

* Mitigated librarian workload by independently managing basic patron requests and locating materials.

+ Helped patrons to complete forms for library card issuance.

* Processed customer fines and educated individual patrons on ways to minimize future charges.

‘© Communicated with other local and regional branches to locate materials for inter-library loans.

* Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.

+ Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.

Cashier , 07/2020 - 02/2021
Military Drive-Thru — City, STATE

Quickly leamed new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

* Operated cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with excellent accuracy levels

‘© Worked flexible schedule and extra shifts to meet business needs.

* Restocked and organized merchandise in front lanes.

+ Answered questions about store policies and addressed customer concerns.

« Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable assistance.

* Worked closely with shift manager to solve problems and handle customer concems.

+ Maintained secure cash drawers, promptly resolving discrepancies in daily totals

+ Replenished sales floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance

* Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving discrepancies.

‘© Checked identification for proof-of-age for alcohol and tobacco sales.

* Performed cash, card and check transactions to complete customer purchases.

* Operated cash register to record transactions accurately and efficiently.

* Maintained current knowledge of store promotions and highlighted sales to customers.

 

EpucaTion

BBA: Marketing Management And Research And Comm., 05/2024

 

‘Muskingum University - New Concord, OH
© Dean's List FA 20, SP 21, FA 21, SP 22
© 3.951 GPA

# Ranked in Top 35% of class.