SUMMARY

 

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

 

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Experienced in multiple areas of human resources; recruiting & on-boarding, training facilitation,
unemployment claims support, benefits, and data entry. Also, experienced as an accomplished database
administrator with a proven ability to maintain, troubleshoot, support and resolve all system/customer related
issues while utilizing internal business rules

‘+ Training & Development (Platform Skills) + HRIS Database Administration
+ 401(k) Administration + Team Building
+ Talent/Performance Management + Microsoft Office Suite
+ Recruitment & Onboarding + Technical Writing (Manuals/Job Aids)
+ Customer Service + Ultimate Software/UItipro
‘TALENT MANAGEMENT COORDINATOR/RECRUITER 2014 to CURRENT

Lineage Logistics | Richmond, VA

Worked with the Director of Talent Acquisition and provided solutions to performance concerns and ensured
that the management team was trained and educated in all aspects of the Performance Management
process. Also, performed recruitment and applicant tracking operations for field positions.

Responsibilities/Results:
‘+ Administered and monitored the company's performance appraisal processes, and provided regular
and ad hock reporting to all levels of management.

‘+ Distributed, collected and processed Talent Assessments for all mid-level managers and above
+ Coordinated career fairs across 13 states with local Employment
‘+ Security Commissions and Workforce Centers

+ Constructed and negotiated local newspaper ads to promote open opportunities with the organization
while cutting cost and expenses.

‘+ Organized and setup applicant interviews, and worked closely with hiring managers to strategize staffing
needs

HFOS COORDINATOR 10/2008 to 11/2013
Partnered with Human Resources and various functional leaders to support the ongoing operation within the
organization. Supported the departments goal of continuous process improvement to simplify, standardize,
and automate Human Resources processes and procedures

Responsibilities/Results:

‘+ Successfully trained four department Vice Presidents, 64 corporate office managers, 21 corporate

employees, and conducted teleconferences for field managers on the company's newly purchased
Manager Self-Service (MSS) system.

‘+ Consistently responded to HRIS helpdesk tickets and change requests in a timely and effective manner
with positive results.

+ Ensured that processes and procedures adhered to defined audit and internal controls. Also, audited
and validated data to ensure consistency and accuracy.

+ Partnered with HRIS team members to develop consistency and standardization of processes and
services for the organization

‘+ Maintained the company's HRIS database that processed over 3,200 employee transactions quarterly,
and vetted all erroneous exceptional reporting.

OFCERRATIONS TRAINING MANAGER 10/2003 to 06/2008
Entegris, Inc. | Racine, WI
[82d Airborne Division]

Provided administrative and technical expertise to plan and coordinate training activities that were conducted
throughout the organization

ResponsibilitiesiResults:

‘+ Effectively supervised 10 direct reports that consistently produced positive results and recognition from
senior leadership.

+ Accountable for the overall health and welfare of 13 direct reports, and maintained positive control of
over $100,000 worth of equipment; while working remotely overseas in support of Operation Iraqi
Freedom

+ Conducted cold calling via telecommunications, and face-to-face to small and large businesses to attain
training sites for company training events. Developed, scheduled, prepared, and facilitated training for
all levels of the organization

‘+ Recommended to the Department Vice President on a rewards program that boosted morale and
profitability

FLCSHT OPERATIONS TECHNICIAN 01/1999 to 09/2003

Dispatched rotary/fixed winged aircraft and ensured the safe takeoftilanding of both commercial and military
aircraft. Maintained flight records, aircraft keys, fuel cards, and flight publications; both D.O.D and Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA),

ResponsibilitiesiResults:

Processed cross-country and local flight clearances, including examination for conformance with flight
rules and regulations

‘+ Monitored fight information on all inbound and outbound flights, adverse weather alerts, air traffic
control advisories, and overdue aircraft notices

+ Safeguarded classified materials, individual flight records, and functional files while utilizing proper
Operation Security (OPSEC) and confidentiality procedures.

Associate of Arts | General Studies 2015
Fayetteville Technical Community College, Fayetteville, NC

Hin School Diploma | Common Core 1998
Durango High School, Las Vegas, NV

Technical: Technology Training, Public Speaking, Facilitator Training, Train The Trainer Training, Ultimate
Software, UltiPro, Blackboard, Live Meeting, WebEx, GoToMeeting.

Functional: Workload Prioritization, Time/Chaos Management, Strong Administrative Dexterities,
Confidentiality Assurance, Mental Toughness, Strong Soft Skill Sets

Military Education & Awards - Honorable Discharge
[OEE (2) & OIF (1) Deployments}

Courses: Advanced Skills Course (Aviation Operations), Basic Leadership and Management Development
Course, intermediate Leadership and Management Development Course, and Senior Analyst Development
Course

Awards: Two-time recipient of the U.S. Army Commendation Medal, Two-time recipient of the U.S. Army Good
Conduct Medal, Joint Service Achievement Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Honor Graduate of U.S. Army
Airborne School, Multiple Letters of Appreciation, and Superior Ratings Received for Leadership.