J

ESSICA

CLAIRE

&

9

resumesample@example.com
(555) 432-1000

‘Montgomery Street, San
Francisco, CA 94105

QUALIFICATIONS

Visual Basic, SQL Server,
Oracle, Dreamweaver CS5,
Software Microsoft SQL Server
and Microsoft Access
Platforms: Microsoft Windows®
XP and Microsoft Windows 7
Web Developer: Adobe
Dreamweaver, Firework and
Flash CS5

Hardware

Imaging different type of
computers

Hardware installation, System
Backup and printer
configuration

Problem-solved hardware issues
with fault-tolerant hard drives.
CRT Support Corporation New
Jersey

Hardware and Software
installation, Computer
Troubleshooting, Microsoft
Windows 2000 Server, Microsoft
Windows 7, Customer Service,
Microsoft Word and Excel.
Web designing: Front Page,
HTML, Photoshop, Flash,
Dreamweaver, Fireworks and
Visual Studio.

Microsoft Access: Creating
database to store and retrieve
data.

JavaScript expert

Interface design and
implementation

Proficient in HTML.

SQL expert

self-starter

Team player
Customer-oriented

‘Advanced knowledge of
embedded systems

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

Kean University
Union, New Jersey + 2001

B.S: Computer Science Technology
‘Computer Science Technology

CAREER OVERVIEW

Results-driven Network Administrator with experience in back-end programming, relational databases
and development/maintenance of complex and critical systems. Expert Software Developer dedicated
to constantly improving tools and infrastructure to maximize productivity, minimize system downtime
‘and quickly respond to the changing needs of the business.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Developed several internal tools to automate mundane tasks that were quickly adopted by other
developers.

WORK EXPERIENCE

‘Avera Health - Database Analyst
Estherville, 1A + 02/2006 - 07/2015

+ Design, develop, create, monitor and maintain databases for the EEO/EOF Administration,
Advising/Counseling Admissions, Financial Aid and other Program units.

+ Compile, collect, analyze and interpret program performance and student performance/outcomes
and enrollment data for University, state and federal reports as assigned.

+ Generate statistical, financial aid and other research and assessment reports including findings,
conclusions and recommendations.

+ Develop, update and monitor EEO/EOF databases for the EEO/EOF Renewal Student Summer
Program and the EEO/EOF Pre-Freshman Summer Academy which are utilized by and shared with
the offices of Student Accounting, Financial Aid, Residential Life and Housing and Registrar.

+ Compile, collect, and interpret data specifically for enrollment, transfer, retention, persistence,
attrition and graduation reports for the State and University.

+ Recruitment/Admissions responsibilities include the following activities: Monitor data received
from students who attend EEO/EOF Pre-Freshman Summer Acaderny.

+ Generate recruitment data into a program-related database system.

+ Prepare and maintain a detailed demographic report on each new applicant which becomes part of
‘each applicant's program folder.

+ Screen admissions applications for inclusion of basic information needed - demographic, test
scores, transcripts, recommendations, etc.

+ and prepare database system for mailing of follow-up letters to applicants with incomplete
applications.

+ Prepare transmittals for Admissions, Residence Life and Financial Aid offices; for distribution of
applications and EEO/EOF Admissions decisions; act as a liaison to these offices.

+ Prepare and send Orientation letters for students /parents.

+ Assist the Director and Advising/Counseling unit specifically by: Tracking EEO/EOF students’ needs
and academic progress in Academic Foundations /General Education courses.

+ Monitoring data on courses, test scores, placement, grades.

+ Designing, maintaining, creating forms, i.e., placement, grade reports, and test results.

+ Verifying enrollment data, course sequence, etc.

+ Developing rosters for EEO sponsored courses, counseling/advising caseloads, EOF funding status,
entering cohorts.

+ Assist the EEO/EOF Academic Coaching Center specifically by: Compiling tutoring data and
generating charts, reports.

+ Designing, developing, and maintaining a database for academic coaching/ tutoring activities.

+ Generate EEO/EOF charts, flyers, banners, invitations, brochures, ads, bulletins, signs for the
various Program units as requested.

+ Develop forms, graphs, table query files, labels and imports/exports from database files to
generate local and State reports in a specified format.

+ Develop and design computerized programs which better assess and evaluate programs, student
profiles and performance, student satisfaction, alumni satisfaction, enrollment, retention,
persistence and graduation /exit data.

+ Assist with the setup of the EEO/EOF computer labs.

+ Provide critical technical assistance and input to Program units, i.e., Recruitment, Admissions,
Advising/Counseling, and Financial Aid.

+ Develop and recommend a budget for hardware/software needs for the Program, e.
personnel computers, printers and computerized diagnostic and placement tests.

+ Act as liaison with offices and establish cooperative working relationships such as those with the
Office of Computer Information Systems (OCIS) and Admissions.

+ Import information from Datatel, i.e., student grades, enrolled courses, faculty, enrollment,
registration, schedules, etc.

+ Liaison and coordinate with each component administrator(s) on assessed needs, assignments and
reports Develop training and technical support for all EEO/EOF staff by investigating and solving
problems related to input/output activity and installing software programs.

+ Assist the Administration specifically with the EOF/EEO Annual Reports, EOF Summer Assessment
Report, EEO Strategic Plan, and Program Review Reports.

+ Attend and participate in meetings and university activities related to technical support and EEO/
EOF units which receive technical support.

+ Serve on EEO/EOF internal committee and represents the EEO/EOF Program and Kean University at
specified local, state and national conferences, meetings and seminars.

+ Organize, oversee, and maintain all computer hardware equipment; monitor maintenance and
repair of hardware.

+ Develop and design a dynamic website to inform the status of EEO/EOF students, student
activities, internship, etc.

+ Updated, modified and expanded existing software programs.

+ Instrumented and modified unit and integration tests to improve software quality and reliability.

+ Installed, supported and maintained file servers and network access.

+ Drafted detailed design objectives and developed architectural and system design documents.

+ Implemented system security and data assurance software.

+ Resolved issues by establishing workarounds and solutions and by debugging and creating defect
fixes.

+ Designed and maintained network traffic monitoring system to support network administrators.

+ Coded user-customizable applications that converted raw data from design engine to easily
understandable graphical formats.

 

 

  

, purchasing

 

  

 

 

‘Comeast - Configuration Technician
Gresham, OR + 03/2005 - 11/2005

+ Imaging different type of computers including desktop, notebook and laptop.
+ Hardware installation, System Backup and printer configuration.

+ Problem-solved hardware issues with fault-tolerant hard drives.

+ Saved the company’s revenue by refurbishing used computers and technological equipment.
+ Set up, tested and configured networks, desktops, laptops and printers.

+ Coordinated hardware and software repair processes with outside vendors.

+ Installed motherboards, processors, RAM and graphics cards.

CRT Support Corporation - System Analysis,
City, STATE « 08/2001 - 01/2005

+Hardware and Software installation, Computer Troubleshooting, Microsoft Windows 2000 Server,
Microsoft Windows 7, Customer Service, Microsoft Word and Excel.

+Web designing: Front Page, HTML, Photoshop, Flash, Dreamweaver, Fireworks and Visual Studio.
«Microsoft Access: Creating database to store and retrieve data.

Designed embedded systems software by applying key principles of computer science, engineering and
mathematical analysi
Updated and managed existing website properties for CRT Support

Presented pros and cons of various design approaches to design teams and management.
Considered localization, scalability and ease of maintenance in all solutions.

Solicited feedback and validation from business and technical team stakeholders.

Reliably kept senior management abreast of project statuses.

Generated concepts and initial design explorations for new features and other product aspects.
Worked closely with product managers, visual designers and development team to appropriately
evolve designs from concept to launch,

 

 

 

SKILLS

‘Academic, Accounting, Dreamweaver, Adobe Dreamweaver, Photoshop, ads, Backup, banners, basic,
brochures, budget, charts, Coaching, Hardware, computer hardware, Hardware installation, Computer
Troubleshooting, conferences, Counseling, CRT, Customer Service, databases, Database, Designing,
Financial, Fireworks, Firework, Flash, forms, Front Page, graphs, hard drives, HTML, Imaging,
Information Systems, letters, Director, mailing, meetings, Microsoft Access, Excel, Office, Microsoft
Windows 7, Microsoft Windows 2000 Server, Microsoft Word, Oracle, personnel, printer, printers,
progress, purchasing, Recruitment, research, seminars, installing software, Software installation,
Microsoft SQL Server, SQL Server, Strategic, technical support, technical assistance, tutoring, type,
Visual Basic, VBA, Visual Studio, Web Developer, website, Web designing, Annual Reports