Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Summary
To obtain a digital media/marketing management position with an innovative organization, providing opportunity for advancement
aligning with company and personal success. Expert in Digital, OOH, Mobile, print and broadcast media planning with more than
fourteen years of experience in cross-channel strategic media planning, budget management, market research, brand
communications, forecasting and results analysis. Forward thinking; leading the planning, buying and execution of agency first
initiatives for new media platforms, rich media concepts, global campaigns and multicultural platforms. Excellent managerial skills,
lead the organization and growth of a team of eight servicing a Fortune 500 client. Committed to department growth; leading the

execution of agency wide training initiatives and programs.
Highlights

Episerver, Sprinklr, BrandWatch Analytics. Proficient in the use
and evaluation of CMR, @ Plan, MyMetrix and MRI. “MS Outlook,

Word, Excel and Powerpoint *Atlas, DFA, MediaVisor.
CoreMetrics and WebTrend Analytics

Accomplishments
Experience

DIRECTOR OF US MEDIA & DIGITAL BRANDING, 11/2009 to Present
Theartmedia, Inc. — Harrisburg, PA
« Directing the strategic development and implementation of national and local media strategies in support of new product
launches and brand building within the US market - including Men's, Women's, Classic Lifestyle, and Kids.
‘* Maximizing the strategic use of all offline and online media outlets to drive awareness, acquisition and lead generation.
* Managing the intemal team and external agencies in the seamless execution of these omni-channel efforts and driving strong
collaboration with the internal eCommerce and Retail teams
« SELECTED ACHIEVEMENTS: Implemented the brands first upfront television buy leading to substantial YOY savings RealFlex
campaign strategy resulted in Google Case Study of multi-screen video yielding a 131% lift in brand response conversions,
exceeding Google engagement benchmarks by 5x and with the addition of retargeting lead to response rates 9x higher than
average Lead the digital team in the expansion of SEM and SEO for the US region as well as the development of the brands first
retargeting platform designed to drive increased ROI, retention and lead generation (building US email database) Implemented
viral video campaign in conjunction with internal PR and Events planning teams and Jimmy Kimmel Live partnership
Developed US Social strategy and implantation of US team for the creation and management of social media strategy and

executions.

ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, 08/2004 to 11/2009
Omnicom Media Group - Louisville, KY

* Managed national and regional media programs for a dynamic, results oriented digital advertising agency.

* Lead acquisition and brand focused cross-channel media programs for clients in multiple categories, including retail, technology,
and travel - spanning clients such as ATT Wireless, Kraft and InterContinental Hotels Group.

* Acted as the primary negotiator and coordinator with sales representatives and maintained close relationships with key media
representatives.

* Responsible for the development of response assumptions and forecasts for media programs as well as strategic campaign
analysis.

* Conducted agency wide training for new media insights, processes and best practices.

* SELECTED ACHIEVEMENTS: Lead the IHG team in the development of the agency's first global retargeting platform, spanning
North America, EMEA and APAC regions.

* Recognized for the development of a custom financial process that lead to substantial savings on behalf of client and agency.

« Piloted the first interactive Hispanic online media platform on behalf of agency, resulting in the acquisition of planning and
buying responsibilities for ATT Wireless throughout 2007 and 2008.

+ Oversaw the ATT Wireless media team in the planning and execution of largest digital effort in ATT history.

+ Focused on retaining the youth audience during the Cingular/ATT brand transition, the campaign was developed to meet the
strategic business need of closing the competitive gap with Verizon.

« Jessica Claire - PAGE 2 Lead IHG team in winning the Bronze Adrian Award for Best Integrated Market Campaign for
Consumers (B2C) Created online training ‘road show’ for ATT Wireless regional managers - educating teams on the use of online
circulars and couponing and creating the first Rich Media solution to solve for the needs of shorter creative timelines and
flexibility.

+ Teamed with analytics department on the creation of a regional, cross channel media test that served as the resource for optimal
media mix for client as well as cross agency initiatives.

* Developed online media planning tool now used as the resource for determination of digital budgets for DMA/locally targeted

campaigns.

ASSISTANT ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE, 09/2002 to 08/2004
Essence Global - Minneapolis, NY
* Lead the strategy and execution of regional retail campaigns for Gillette, Georgia Pacific and Veryfine.
« Supported new product launches and brand promotions within weekly circulars and POP across various retail chains including
grocery, drug, mass and specialty.
* Served as day-to-d.
Production, Promotions, Fulfillment, Finance and MIS.
+ Contributed to the development of new business pitches, including agency brainstorms, research, and presentations.
* SELECTED ACHIEVEMENTS: Worked with internal and external research teams to deliver pilot platform for competitive

 

y resource for clients and coordinating the efforts between internal departments including Creative,

assessment of retail industry growth.
« Executed first online integration on behalf of agency.
* Contributed to the development of agency training manual and courses.

MEDIA PLANNER, 07/2000 to 09/2002
ARNOLD WORLDWIDE - City, STATE,
* Core member of the planning/buying team - executing cross-channel media campaigns for Royal Caribbean and Volkswagen.
* Developed and presented annual media schedules and presentations.
* Lead the production of quarterly competitive analyses and campaign performance evaluations.
* Organized and conducted meetings with sales representatives.
* Maintained supervision of print and broadcast advertising placements.
* SELECTED ACHIEVEMENTS:.
« Rapidly advanced from Assistant to Media Planner in recognition of quality work, dedication and focus on account success and
improvements.
« Initiated operational changes to enhance the management of monthly budget analysis and timely resolution for financial

discrepancies.
Education

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE DEGREE: COMMUNICATIONS/TELEVISION AND RADIO; ADVERTISING AND PR, 2000
ITHACA COLLEGE - Ithaca, NY
COMMUNICATIONS/TELEVISION AND RADI

  

ADVERTISING AND PR
Professional Affiliations

8/2004 - Present BIMA (Boston Interactive Media Association) Member 5/2000 - Present Ithaca Alumni Representative Student

Mentor
Additional Information

+ AWARDS 2011 Out of Home Media Plan of the Year Award (OAAA). 2010 ClickZ Award for Best Use of Search Marketing
(Reebok) 2010 Business Partner of the Year Vector Award (Reebok) 2008 Bronze Adrian Award for Best Integrated Market
‘Campaign for Consumers (B2C IHG) 2000 Received AWNY (Advertising Women of New York) scholarship for academic
excellence and leadership.

* Noted for ability to work efficiently and effectively Acknowledged for strong leadership ability Flexible and adaptable - able to
work independently and under pressure Strong organizational skills Continued.

Skills

advertising, agency, broadcast, budget analysis, budgets, closing, competitive, client, clients, database, Directing, driving,
eCommerce, email, Finance, financial, focus, Managing, Market, media planning and buying, media planning, meetings, Excel, MS.
Outlook, Powerpoint, 9x, Word, MIS, negotiator, new media, presentations, PR, problem solving skills, processes, quality, research,

Retail, sales, strategy, strategic, strategic development, supervision, television, time management, video