Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ¢ (555) 432-1000  resumesampleGexample.com

Summary

Lead Data Engineer with 13+ Years of Experience. Highly Skilled in ODI,Oracle and Python.Always open to learn and work in other
tools and technologies. Strong work ethic and dedicated to quality assurance. Adept at working with teams or independently in fast-

paced settings.
Skills

* Total 13+ Years of Experience in BI as Data Engineer/ETL
Developer/ETL Lead/ETL Architect.

* Total 8+ Experience in ODI11g and 12c:Implemented
Solutions specific to Flat Files, Oracle DB, Oracle ADB, XML's,
Webservices, BIAPPS in ODL. Working Knowledge of OAC.
Overall Good Knowledge of Oracle BI Stack.

* Stronghold in SQL and PL-SQL.Worked on various Databases
like Oracle, MS SQL Server and MySQL.

* Worked with various scripting languages in ETL Solutions
like Shell Scripting and Python.

* Worked with various Ticketing tools like JIRA and
ServiceNow.

Certifications

© Certified in ODI 12c-2020
* Certified in OAC-2022

Knowledge of Cloud concepts and experience of working in
Azure, AWS and Oracle Cloud Domain.

Knowledge of other ETL Tools like ADF and PDI.Have
worked on various POC's in ADF.

Stronghold in Managing Teams and working with them to
implement solutions. Attitude of a Team Player.

Served as ODI Subject Matter Expert in various
Organizations.

Good Analytical and logical Capability along with willingness

toleam.

* Certified in Azure Fundamentals and Azure Data Fundamentals-2022

Experience

Lead BI Consultant, 03/2022 to Current
‘Two95 International Inc. - King Of Prussia

* Managed end-to-end operations of ETL data pipelines using ODI in BIAPPS 12.2 environment.

Subject Matter Expert in ODI in the Organization.

Senior ETL Consultant, 02/2015 to 03/2022
Epam Systems Inc — Seattle

Collected, outlined and refined requirements, led design processes and oversaw project progress.
Created and implemented complex business intelligence solutions using Python.
Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.

Designed customized technical solutions to meet POC specifications using ODI and ADF.

* Designed customized technical solutions to meet functional specifications in Oracle Database Environments.

Analyzed code and corrected errors to optimize output.

Senior ETL Developer, 04/2014 to 02/2015
Children's Place — Baltimore

Collaborated with Client to define data extraction methodologies and data source tracking protocols.
‘Managed end-to-end operations of ETL data pipelines using ODI.
Designed and documented ODI ETL data mapping plans using Python or shell scripting engine wherever necessary.

Recommended improvements to facilitate team and project workflow.
Reviewed project requirements to identify customer expectations and resources needed to meet goals.
Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions to debug and create defect fixes.
Analyzed user needs and software requirements to determine design feasibility.

Coordinated testing and validation procedures through software development lifecycle.

« Assisted in User Acceptance Testing for customers, verifying ETL jobs complied with assigned parameters, achieving expected

results.

Analyzed code and corrected errors to optimize output.

ETL Developer, 07/2010 to 04/2014
Persistent Systems ~ City

Managed end-to-end operations of ETL data pipelines using PDI.

Defined and documented ETL data mapping plans using shell scripting engine.
Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions to debug and create defect fixes.

* Designed customized technical solutions to meet functional specifications outlined by customers.

* Managed end-to-end operations of ETL data pipelines.

« Assisted in User Acceptance Testing for customers, verifying ETL jobs complied with assigned parameters, achieving expected

results.

Education and Training

B.Tech: Computer Science And Engineering, 05/2010
Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology - Nagpur

High School: 03/2004
Kendriya Vidyalaya Army Area - Pune

High Secondary School: 03/2002
Leonard High School - Jabalpur

Hindi, Englis
First Language
Negotiated: