JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and
problem-solving skills. Proven Management and Leadership Skills. Effectively manage multiple employees and departments. Priorities
include building and sustaining relationships with all levels of staff to create and maintain smooth work stream processes and procedures.
Superb Organizational Skills. Able to effectively manage multiple day-to-day operational tasks. Excellent Work Ethic. Actively seeks
responsibility and takes initiative at all times. Team Leadership and Development. Proven experience in taking group volunteers, organizing
them into teams, and leading them to success. Excellent Written and Verbal Communication Skills. Create and proofread all outgoing
company correspondence. Comfortable and proficient in a public speaking role.

 

Sxmts
* Critical Thinking and Analysis * Payroll Auditing
* Verbal and Written Communication * Problem Solving
«Attention to Detail * Account Reconciliation
« Payroll Management * Operations support
* Accounts Payable «Staff Management
« Effective and Professional Communication * Business administration

‘* Microsoft Office

« Strategic planning

*# Intuit QuickBooks « Financial administration
* Discrepancy Reconciliation * Process improvements
« Accounting Records Analysis * Employee training

Flexible and Adaptable

‘Worx History

10/2019 to Current

01/2015 to 10/2019

01/2008 to 12/2010

07/1998 to 12/2007

Epucation

 

Accountant
Apptopia — Remote, OR
+ Prepared payroll by calculating pay, distributing checks and maintaining payroll records
‘* Reconciled all payroll liabilities to general ledger and prepared monthly payroll accrual entries.
+ Processed payroll adjustments, vacations and holidays.
‘* Organized and managed payroll and timekeeping operations.
‘* Managed financial operations, payroll and accounting processes
‘* Managed accounts payable and receivables and payroll.
+ Prepared, entered and filed accounts payable invoices.
‘* Researched and resolved accounts payable discrepancies
‘* Entered and coded vendor invoices into accounts payable.
* Reconciled bank statements by comparing statements with general ledger.
‘© Maintained integrity of general ledger, including chart of accounts.
‘* Recorded daily financial transactions using Quickbooks and handled payments of accounts.
Entered figures using 10-key calculator to compute data quickly.
* Reconciled company bank, credit card and line of credit accounts monthly, investigating and resolving
discrepancies to keep accounts audit-ready.
+ Performed calculations in overtime, vacation and sick hours to provide accurate data to payroll processing
database,
‘* Verified and submitted timekeeping information for accurate and efficient payroll processing.

HR/Accounting Assistant
Erik's Bike Shop — Eden Prairie, MN

+ Administered compensation, benefits and performance management systems and safety and recreation programs.

‘* Created and completed personnel action forms for all hires, terminations, title changes and terminations.

‘© Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.

© Communicated corporate objectives across all divisions through regular correspondence and scheduled status
updates,

‘* Asranged corporate and office conferences for company employees and guests.

‘* Monitored and evaluated personnel performance to complete annual reviews, recommend advancement or address
productivity concems.

‘© Aggregated and analyzed data related to administrative costs to prepare budgets for corporate-level management.

+ Performed calculations in overtime, vacation and sick hours to provide accurate data to payroll processing
database,

* Cooperated with senior leaders to create operating budgets and initiate financial planning.

‘* Developed and implemented corrective actions to bring business areas in line with standards.

* Reviewed accounts, resolved coding areas and tracked recurring expenses for accrual entry.

‘* Advanced productivity KPIs by leading trainings on procedures and safety practices.

* Tracked employee attendance and punctuality, addressing repeat problems quickly to prevent long-term habits

# Recognized, documented and advised on removal of hazards.

* Conducted safety audits and investigated plant quality issues.

‘= Served as primary backup to officer in charge with various responsibilities related to compliance, operations
management, and staff supervision.

‘© Created successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staff shifts.

Content Licensing Manager, Support Specialist
‘Cengage Learning — City, STATE

‘+ Vendor prospecting, establishing business relationships and managing self-paced tutorial vendors.

‘+ Negotiate revenue shares with prospective course vendors.

‘* Increase course offerings compliant with various industry specific CEU credits and recognition

* Provide customer service through live online chat, email and phone.

‘+ Assist vendors with course integration with support of technology staff.

‘* Creating seamless customized graphics and websites for corporations, universities and schools all over the world.

Office Manager, Senior Administrator, Payroll Manager
APL Logistics Inc — City, STATE

‘+ Human Resources Administrator, Accounts Payable & Accounts Receivable Provide multiple levels of support to
the General Manager, five Supervisors and two Operations Managers.

‘+ Responsible for supervision and welfare of 11 Customer Service Representatives and Shipping & Receiving
Clerks.

‘* Establish and provide all training initiatives for both new hires and existing staff.

* Solely responsible for all aspects of payroll management for 60 employees.

«Initialize set up of vendor maintenance agreements and authorizations.

‘ Resolve issues and manage existing client'vendor relationships.

* Conduct tracking and processing of all A/P and AR invoices.

+ Key Accomplishments Implemented new personnel reporting metrics system to accurately account for all
employee time.

‘+ New reports effectively reduced the time necessary to process customer billing, process payroll, and produce
company productivity metrics, saving the company over $40,000 annually.

* Held key roles in the Company Safety Committee resulting in extensive periods of safe working days for the
company.

© My initiatives and work in the safety area have reduced our Workers Compensation expenses by $100,000.00 this
year alone,

‘* Actively supported and participated in all Company projects and initiatives including a comprehensive warehouse
cleaning project, many safety initiatives, IT upgrades and a major move of the warehouse to its new location.

‘ Planned and executed over 72 major company events

‘+ These events were above and beyond normal job responsibilities and saved the company over $36,000.00 in
expenses normally associated with outsourcing these events.

 

12/2020

(CERTIFICATIONS

 

Associate of Science: Accounting
Rasmussen College - Mokena, IL