JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Seasoned MS SQL Server Database Administrator with 8 years of extensive experience designing, scripting, testing and managing database
solutions in development and production environments. Proficient in working with diverse technologies and tools such as Solar Winds DPA,
Red Gate, IDERA, SQL Server Management Studio, Azure Data Studio, SQL Sentry, and SQL Server Migration Assistant etc. Skilled in
using Business Intelligence such as SSIS, SSRS, Power BI and Tableau for data modelling, reporting and analysis. Strengths in
troubleshooting and maintaining servers and systems to support smooth business operations. Excellent communicator with advanced
presentation creation and delivery skills. Motivated to stay informed of latest industry innovations to provide users with most up-to-date
solutions.

 

Sxmts
« TSQL & Power Shell scripting skills for automating repetitive» Ability to create and maintain documentation of source code,
tasks application installation processes, technical specifications, and
‘# Database Servers Hardware and Software Upgrades and Patches. _ data governance program.
« High Availability and Disaster Recovery Solutions Design « Ability to multitask and manage multiple simultaneous high
* SQL Server database Security and Audit Compliance priorities
* SQL Serve Database Monitoring and Performance Tuning and * Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of employees
Optimization and management
« ETL Tools, Power BI and Tableau * Ability to work independently and as team leader
© Data Conversion and Migration © System Performance
* Relational Database Management * Business Continuity
* Maintenance
© Azure
Worx History

 

05/2022 to Current SQL SERVER DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR (Contract)
NTT DATA SERVICES - City. STATE

« Install, configure and maintain SQL server (2016, 2017 & 2019 versions) databases infrastructure from Test to
Production environments with high availability and disaster recovery solutions (such as Replication, Misroring,
Log shipping and Availability Groups in multi-subnet cluster environment) which help company achieved 99.9%
business continuity and high availability projections.

‘# Successfully migrated over 7TB databases with all objects from on premises to cloud (both Azure and AWS) and
11TB databases, including all objects, from 2012 SQL Server Instance to 2019 SQL Server instance, using
automated tools

‘* Designed and Maintained complex T-SQL queries, stored procedures, Views, Tables, Indexes, Functions and
Triggers in multi-database environment for high level performance that increased systems and database high level
performance by over 100%.

‘+ Implemented database security measures that control access to databases through authentication and authorization
policies, and performed auditing of database usage and active users. This resulted in eliminating vulnerabilities to
data theft and breaches by over 99.8%.

‘+ Implemented ETL tools and Power BI solution framework for data warehousing and modeling, data analysis,
integration and reporting services with resulting products massively deployed for executing end-to-end business
intelligence projects

Using Business Intelligence tools, documented and analyzed business reports for prompt communication, follow-
‘up and customers support, leading to 97% average customer satisfaction rating.

‘* Assisted application and development teams with scripts development, SQL Codes reviews, schema refinement,
complex query tuning, pre-deployment testing and data integration and maintenance, ensuring that only appropriate
and efficient SQL codes are deployed to production servers, resulting in seamless production operations and
excellent outputs.

+ Followed standard practices for migrating changes to test and production environments and provided technology
supports to meet business requirements.

* Crafied and implemented exceptionally effective high-standard database solutions that provided application and
production stability, reliability, security and high-speed performance, which resulted in overall revenue growth by
12.5%.

‘* Recommended and on approval, implemented hardware requirements and planning storage capacity best practices
to manage servers! systems and infrastructure, which within three months of implementation, resulted in
outstanding performance effectiveness, surpassing team expectation by 14%.

‘* Reduced servers and system downtime by 99.9% by assembling and deploying highly effective RDBMS native
utilities and third-party automated tools like Red Gate, Fog Light and SolarWind DPA for proactively monitoring,
tuning and optimizing system performance and instant resolution database issues

‘© Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions.

* Saved company thousands of dollars in man-hours and hardware deprecation costs by automating routine'repetitive
DBA tasks like jobs and schedules, using SQL Server Agent and creating mail profile and setting up alerts and
events notifications through ticketing services.

‘* Designed and implemented strategically planned periodic and needed MS-SQL software/hardware upgrades and
patching using power shell scripts and other automated scripts which have seen significant boost in query
optimization and general database servers’ performance efficiency.

* Collaborated with team members to achieve target results.

* Provide 24x7 on-call support rotation for critical production systems.

01/2021 to 03/2022 SERVER DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR
INFO SYS BPM - City, STATE

« Insialled, configured and managed SQL Server 2008-2019 versions in test and production environments using
automated processes and virtual machine configuration in VMware

* Designed and managed mirroring, replication, log shipping, Availability Group in multi-subnet cluster environment
for high availability and resilience

* Reviewed and refined SQL codes and schema, tuned queries and optimized indexes to support database
administration tasks such as performance tuning, system health check ete

# Executed SQL Server assessments including monitoring Servers resources like CPU, memory, I/O, disk, and
carried out Performance Tuning and Optimization, using Query Store, Dynamic Management Views, SQL
Extended Events, and 3rd-party troubleshooting tools to resolve bottlenecks, deadlocks, blocking and long-running
queries

‘* Set up and automated Jobs, maintenance plans for backups, rebuilding indexes, disk space, check server health,
alert and notifications

‘* Developed and deployed Power BI, SSRS report and other ETL tools using SSIS

+ Provided technical support for database environments for ensuring database security, integrit
availability and recoverability of servers and databases.

‘* Built useful reporting deliverables to properly document analysis results and provide performance improvement
feedback

‘* Created scripts and processes for data integration and maintenance.

 

performance,

 

07/2014 to 12/2020 SERVER DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR
HALLMARK TRUST & INVESTMENT LIMITED - City. STATE, NIGERIA

« Insialled, tested and maintained new versions of database software, patches and other associated software
application changes or upgrades using PowerShell

+ Implemented, configured, and troubleshot database instances, partitions, storage, and access for over 500 databases
bigger than 10TB.

‘* Designed SSRS and SSIS packages for generating weekly, monthly and quarterly reports as required by clients for
business analysis,

‘* Prevented important important users’ leak/theft and saved company more than $615,000 in regulator's fine for data
privacy noncompliance by proactively performing SQL server security monitoring and audits necessary for
maintaining database security and privacy protection

+ Ended system of irregular, behind-schedule backup and restore routines, upgrades, patching and maintenance jobs
and systems and servers monitoring by automating these SQL Server routine processes, performance issues
tracking and documentation of changes.

+ Assisted Developers with code review, troubleshooting, tuning and deployments activities

‘* Monitored database performance to ensure integrity of data and provide tuning of database for optimal performance
and managed database growth, data purging/archiving

‘* Provided on-call support for production issues occurring outside business hours.

 

Epucation
06/2012 B.Sc.: Computer Science

Adekunle Ajasin University - Akungba-Akoko, Ondo State, Nigeria
(CERTIFICATIONS

 

§ Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MSCA): SQL 2014 Database Administration
§ Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals
§ MTA Database Certification