Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Summary

Highly qualified Bookkeeper, Payroll Clerk, Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable with key strengths in planning and problem
solving. Familiar with financial reconciliations, general ledgers and financial reporting.

Highlights
«# Intuit QuickBooks specialist * General ledger accounting skills

« Strong communication skills

* Accounting operations professional
Experience

Accountant, 11/2011 to Current
A Helping Hand Homecare — Washington, DC

Reconcile all bank and credit card accounts from 2012 to present.
Process payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.
Process journal entries, online transfers and payments.

Issued paychecks to vendors and suppliers on a bi-weekly basis,

Bookkeeper and Office Manager, 06/1993 to 11/2011

Caliber Collision — Dallas, TX

Issued paychecks to vendors and suppliers on a bi-weekly basis,

Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper,

Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due diligence.
Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation.
Entered weekly sales and customer count sheets for review by management.

Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts.

Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.

Processed journal entries, online transfers and payments.

Customer Service Representative, 07/1983 to 04/1993

Omni Credit Union - City, STATE

Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit.

Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.

Trained employees on cash drawer operation.

Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.
Entered member transaction data into the online banking software.

Reported daily averages and shortages to the operations department.

Supplied tellers with coin and currency as needed,

Education

High School Diploma: General, 1976
Sturgis High School - Sturgis, MI
Attended Glen Oaks Community College for Accounting program.