JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Ifyou need someone who delivers sharp results, I can help. Well qualified and results oriented Accounting Professional with over fourteen years
of successful experience in positions of increasing responsibility in dynamic entertainment companies. Skilled at training staff in Accounts

Payable and Receivable and Payroll functions and creating effective teams.

 

HIGHLIGHTS

* Windows XP, Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel, Word),
QuickBooks Enterprise 17.0, Timberline, File Maker, POS.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

General Ledger Accounts
* Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit

transactions.

 

EXPERIENCE

Accountant, 01/2009 - Present
Taylor Corp — Byron, MN
* Responsible for all aspects of accounts payable, receivable and payroll.

Banking liaison: reconciled statements, credit card and additional reconciliations.
Month end analysis, closing and production of month and year end financial reporting.
Preparation of monthly commission reports.

Control and monitoring of complex, high volume Production Petty Cash and daily Cash Report
Preparation of 1099-s.

Accountant, 01/2006 - 01/2009
Taylor Corp — Dallas, TX
* Supervised, trained and managed a staff of four permanent employees, plus interns.

* Oversaw the general accounting department areas: accounts payable, receivable and payroll

Banking liaison: reconciled statements, credit card, lockbox and additional reconciliations.
Month end analysis, closing and production of month and year end financial reporting.

Preparation of monthly commission reports.

Control and monitoring of complex, high volume Production Petty Cash process

Junior Accountant, 01/2004 - 01/2006

Anatomage — San Jose, CA
* Responsible for all aspects of accounts payable and accounts receivable functions.
* Reorganizing and reconciling online based business transactions.

© Bank, credit card and other reconciliations.

Month end analysis and closing.

Managed and trained college interns.

Preparation of royalty reports
Preparation of 1099-s

 

EpucaTion

Accounting
Phoenix University/US-Florida-Miami

Accounting - Present

Sheridan Technical Center/US-Florida-)

 

mi Certificate - Bookkeeping Fundamentals: 2003

CUC University ‘Colombia

Bachelor Arts Degree: Business Administration, 1998

Business Administration

 

REFERENCE

Laurel Harris President at Stellarhead (646) 382-8408
David Walton Vice president of Operation at Dogmatic (917) 671-6798

 

LANGUAGES:

Fluent in Spanish

 

SKILLS

General Accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, Microsoft office, Outlook, Windows XP, Word, Excel, Quickbooks Enterprise 17.0,