Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ¢ (555) 432-1000  resumesampleGexample.com

Professional Summary

IL 60130 Goal-focused Accountant with record of accurate reporting and budget management. Offering 4 years of experience
handling finances for 2 locations. Processed payroll, reports, audits, journals, expenditures and payments. Diligently maintains latest

training on tax regulations and legal issues impacting financial operations.

Skills

* Account reconciliation specialist * Invoice Coding Familiarity

« Tax Accounting Specialization + Excellent Managerial Techniques
Work History

Accounting Manager, Audit, 07/2020 to Current
Tax Accounting Ireland Ltd - City, STATE
Tax Accounting Ireland Lid is an accounting practice in Dublin, Ireland. I held a managerial role in this position which consisted of
preparing personal and company accounts, performing audits, training and managing staff, monitoring tax deadlines and liaising
with directors on all office matters.

* Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books.

* Gathered data on taxable income, deductibles and allowances for tax preparation.

« Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities

* Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.

* Drove client satisfaction by identifying maximum adjustments, deductions and credits

« Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

« Prepared and filed state and federal tax forms for commercial and individual clients.

* Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.

* Monitored 3-employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.

* Followed up with customers to collect specific financial information and verify details for preparation of annual forms.

Trainee Accountant, 06/2017 to 07/2020
DBA Accountants Ltd — City, STATE
DBA Accountants Ltd is a large accounting practice in Monaghan, Ireland. Here I gained experience in preparing and submitting tax
returns, company returns and audit testing. I was also assisted with training for junior employees.
« Interacted with clients and obtained cost and budget information to draft and manage accounts.
* Balanced reports to submit for approval and verification.
« Prepared straightforward tax retums and explained expected refund or income tax liability and due date for payment.
« Employed self-review and analytical review techniques to proactively identify fundamental errors.
* Gained knowledge of accounting principles and standards and general business practices to evaluate financial data and
transactions.
* Received, reviewed and verified validity and completeness of appropriation, accounting and financial data
* Developed technical knowledge through combination of workplace learning and formal study.

Education

ACCA: Accountant, 2019
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants - Ireland

Bachelor of Arts (Honours): Accounting & Finance, 2017
Dundalk Institute of Technology - Ireland
This degree was a three-year course and provided the key skills to begin a career in accounting. It helped develop interpersonal

skills, working to deadlines and prioritizing assignments, time management, presentations skills along with many more.
Certifications

* ACCA - Association of Chartered Certified Accountants