SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

 

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Full Stack Java Developer with over 6 years of experience in Application Development, this includes design,
development and Implementation of Projects in the areas of Java/J2ee and JavaScript frameworks, Client and
Server-side Enterprise Applications.

+ Javali2EE + Javascript, Typescript
+ Spring Boot + MyBatis, hibernate ORM Frameworks
‘+ Micro Services, RESTful Web Services + Oracle, DB2
‘+ Spring security, OAuth2 + Agile development methodologies
+ Angular 8/11 + Customer-oriented
+ Maven + Interface design and implementation
+ Git + Application development
+ Jenkins + Requirements analysis and design phases
+ Tomcat 9, IBM WebSphere + Scripting
JAVA ANGULAR DEVELOPER 01/2020 to CURRENT

World Wide Technology | Edina, MN

 

Project: DataNow/24 Hr ResponseThe Office Of Personnel Management (OPM) Office of the Inspector
General (OIG) requests claims history from FEHB Program Carriers by sending an Exposure Request Form
defined in OPM Carrier Letter 2017-013, Attachment 4. Exposure Requests may pertain to Institutions,
Providers, or FEP Members and can be for medical, pharmaceutical or both. The Exposure Request Form
has a 24-Hour RUSH option. Previously, FEP Special Investigation Unit (SIU) used MCSorce data warehouse
to satisfy these 24-Hour RUSH requests when MCSource was in production. Since the decommissioning of
McSource, FEP SIU has used the FEPOC to provide the requested claims history and/or summary
information for OPM-OIG. However, the current FEPDO/FEPOC medical data request process does not
support the 24-Hour RUSH timeline. (Note: 24-Hour RUSH requests for pharmaceutical data are processed by
CVS Caremark within the required timeline. The FEP SIU wants to use FEPOC, as the system of record, to
provide all medical claims data and/or summary information (total amount billed and total amount paid) in
response to OPM-OIG Exposure Requests. In 2014, FEPOC built a prototype system under BRDO40:
however, it was never put into production as the disclosure ID issue was not resolved at that time. Currently,
FEP SIU pairs FEPOC ad hoc job numbers to FEPOC HIPAA Disclosure IDs when sending medical data
requests to the FEPOC via BCBSA's Enterprise IT.. FEP SIU records the ad hoc number and disclosure pair
within the FEP SIU Tracking System (FSTS).These additional parameters are NOT shared with OPM-OIG
unless the information is already contained on the FCR. Output of the current medical data request process
creates an output file in OPM-OIG data record format. FEPOC sends the output file to a secure server for
OPM-OIG retrieval and another output file in excel format for FEP SIU retrieval. Summary information (total
amount billed and total amount paid) is sent in an email to FEP SIU an OPM-OIG.

‘+ Participate in release and sprint planning to review the requirements and provide the feedback and help
the Business AnalysProduct Owner in creating requirements and Epics/stories.

‘+ Define acceptance criteria with the help of product owners/TPMs and add it in the stories/confluence
page.Create or help create stories/sub tasks and assign those to individual developers. Also define Acs
from Mock screens/Wireframes provided by TPMs.

+ Developed new web pages/ routes using angular based on users’ access to that route

+ Developed new material tables using the angular material library.

‘+ Developed buttons/ toggles with which users can perform various operations on records which are
shown inside angular material tables

‘+ Developed menu bars to show users various kinds of settings with which they can do admin operations
if they have admin privileges

+ Developed new web-services end-points which provide json data to the angular web app with which the
app will be able to show requested data for users.

+ Developed web-services end-points which allows users to insertmodify data via angular web-app for
various kinds of actions users can perform on a webpage

‘+ Developed Angular forms which have 3 pages that need to be filled by the user.

+ Developed Validations for each field (text/single select dropdown/multi select dropdown/drag and drop)
on each page out of 3

‘+ Developed validations for all the fields on 3 pages at the time of submitting the form

‘+ Developed SQL queries to retrieve/insertupdate/delete records from database inside java application
using MyBatis.

‘+ Developed web-services/micro-services using spring-boot for various end-points which are for insert!
update/read/delete operations

Environment: Java 8, Spring 4.x and 5.x, Spring Security, Spring Boot, MyBatis, IBM WebSphere 9, MyEclipse,
Maven 3, Log4J, MySql, Putty , WinSCP, Git Bash.npm,nodeJs, Angular 8, Material framework, TypeScript.

JACA FULL STACK DEVELOPER 08/2018 to 12/2019
Jpmorgan Chase & Co. | Babylon, NY

Project: Realize/Easy BridgeFor Teachers who need a core product to enhance their teaching materials,
Realize provides a source of premium content correlated to state standards. Content is organized in a way
that allows Teachers to search by keyword, browse by a table of contents, or browse by standards. In addition
to the searching of content, Realize offers tools that encourage Teachers to customize the content and add
their own. A comprehensive set of reports and student usage data gives teachers the power to target their
teaching to improve student outcomes. Easy Bridge provides a set of application services that provide an
ability to SSO and synch class, class Rosters between SIS, 3rd party SIS, SchoolNet and RUMBA based
applications like PSN, PSN+ for now (and future with other LMS's like OLE and Realize). The main use is to
allow our customers to use a single account to access their Pearson products, regardless of where accounts
are created this way it saves customers hundreds of hours of set up and ongoing account management time
per year.
‘+ Participate in release and sprint planning to review the requirements and provide the feedback and help
the Business AnalysProduct Owner in creating requirements and Epics/stories.
‘+ Define acceptance criteria with the help of product owners/TPMs and add it in the stories/confluence
page. Create or help create stories/sub tasks and assign those to individual developers. Also define
‘Acs from Mock screens/Wireframes provided by TPMs
‘+ Working closely with TPMs, Manager and other Dev leads to get the design right in the form of
component diagrams, UML sequence diagrams, flow chart diagrams
‘+ Define the technical specifications/implementation based on which developers will be working in line with
the agreed design and technical specifications
‘+ Do code reviews and make sure the code quality is in line with the rules specified using CV/CD tools
such as Jenkins, Jacoco test coverage, SonarQube
+ Work with DevOps resources to deploy the build code onto AWS. Using AWS provided services mainly
elastic beanstalk, $3, Cloud Watch, Kibana
+ Developed code using Spring 5 technologies, all of our backend services/micro-services are Spring
boot applications. Used Gradle/Maven for building these applications.
+ Developed code using Angular6/7, NodeJS(graphql) for server-side code talking to other services
+ Ensuring the features developed by my team are produced to the highest possible quality in the fastest
possible time.
‘+ Developed applications with LTI-A technology which is a major security implementation when talking
between two parties.
+ Understanding and be able to talk coherently about the any practices (such as refactoring, TDD and
pair programming) we are implementing and their benefits
‘+ Implemented Data binding, Event emitters, Directives, Dependency Injection, Services, HTTP Client and
routing concepts using Angular, typescript,
‘+ Used Junit(Mockito, EasyMock, PowerMock), Nunit, MSTests(Moq) for unit testing. Used TDD and ATDD
development while developing code
+ Used Swagger implementation for the web services which gives all our service APIs documentation and
request, request body, header and response details
Environment: Java 8, Spring 4.x and 5.x, Spring Security, Spring Boot, OAuth 2.0, Hibernate JPA, Tomcat 7.8,
Eclipse, STS, Maven 3, Log4J, MySql, Putty , WinSCP. Git Bash, Source Tree, Tortoise Gitnpm, Angular,
Typescript

JACA DEVELOPER 01/2016 to 07/2018
Amerisourcebergen Corporation - Corporate | Fiskdale, MA

Project: Retail - Managed Accounts Portfolio Construction (R-MAPC) / Fidelity Personalized Portfolios (FPP)
101A brief history — the trading of FPP accounts began in 2009 with 3 pilot accounts. That grew to 300 select
client accounts in 2010. In 2011, FPP accounts were available to the public, and a few years later, we now
have over 220,000 accounts under management. Put simply, R-MAPC/FPP products are highly customizable
investment vehicles, that are typically marketed toward high-net-worth clientsWe offer managed accounts that
have tax loss harvesting capabilities, ie. Customer accounts will be managed by a Fidelity Investment
Manager who will trade the account, purposely taking financial losses on some trades to offset the gains
taken by others, to minimize the amount of taxes the customer will have to pay to the IRS at the end of the
year. Customers can customize their accounts by contacting a Fidelity Relationship Officer (RO) by calling
them or by meeting with an RO in their local Fidelity Investor Center (retail branch).

‘+ Participate in release and sprint planning to review the requirements and provide the feedback and help
the Business AnalysProduct Owner in creating requirements and Epics/stories.

+ Understand the requirements and help crack down the Epics into stories and furthers into tasks. At this,
point a story is an assignable unit to a particular developer/team member which can be delivered within
a sprint (2 weeks’ time) including development and testing

+ Provide the estimates for each of the stories according to the complexity/difficulty and the effort involved
to complete a story based on previous efforts and time frame.

‘+ Assess the risks involved in completing a story and also provide the back-up plan if a story cannot be
done because of external dependencies or due to any technical difficulties, so that the Product Owner
can scope that item for upcoming release just in case if that cannot be done in the current release.

+ Prepare a design document after analyzing the requirements by converting those requirements into
technical implementation.

‘+ Participate in a design review meeting with Architect, Team lead and any other developers, and review
the design approach that was chosen. Give the reasoning why this implementation was chosen.

‘+ Developed and maintained web services/microservices with technologies including Spring 3 and 4,
spring boot implementing security with spring security/OAuth 2.0 and also including apache’s SSL level
security on servers to validating the certs CA name and its attributes

‘+ While developing the services used myBatis 3 as an ORM framework to map the java objects to the
database objects which is mainly used for huge transactions into different tables.

‘+ Used Futures for multithreading of tasks accomplished on services. Used apache http client for making
rest service to service calls

‘+ Used Unix commands, Splunk queries on Splunk dashboards to debug logs, and also unix scripting for
installing vahs, certs on the server.

‘+ Used Junit(Mockito, EasyMock, PowerMock), Nunit, MSTests(Moq) for unit testing. Used TDD and ATDD
development while developing code

+ Used Swagger implementation for the web services which gives all our service APIs documentation and
request, request body, header and response details

+ Used Jenkins, Cloudbees, udeploy, stash tools for continuous integration for day to day development.

Environment: Java 8, Spring 3.x and 4.x, Spring Security, Spring Boot, OAuth 2.0, SSLSecurity, CACerts,
myBatis 3.x, Tomcat 7,8, Eclipse, STS, Maven 3, Log4J, SQL Developer, Putty , WinSCP, Git Bash, Source
Tree, Tortoise Git. Apache http server 2.4, Angular, JQuery, JavaScript, knockout js, Dynatrace client 6.2

Master of Science | Networking in Information System Security
University of Cumberlands, Williamsburg, KY

Miter of Science | Health Services Administration 12/2015
Mississippi College, Clinton, MS