SUMMARY

 

SKILLS

 

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

 

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales
professional with track record of driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company
profile with target market.

Information Processing
Discrepancy Resolution

New Account Setup

Honest and Dependable

Product and Service Sales

Task Prioritization

Cashier's Checks

Currency Counting Machines
Problem-Solving

Regulatory Compliance

Check Cashing

Bill Payment Receipt

Complex Information Interpretation
Honest and Ethical

Data Entry

Transaction Error Identification
Customer Service-Oriented
Signature Verification

Balance Verification and Reconciliation
‘Account Services

Cash Supply Orders

Resource Estimation

Data Security and Validation
Payment Processing

Cash Drawer Reconciliation

Bank Deposits

Relationship Building

Attention to Detail

Verbal and Written Communication
Cash Handling

BANKING SPECIALIST

Conduent Incorporated | Durham, NC

Time Management
Account Retention

Fraud Detection

Reliable and Responsible

Night and Safe Deposit Procedures
Financial Statements

Balance Transfers

Consecutive Translation To Spanish
Information interpretation in Spanish
Translation Review

Translation Accuracy in Spanish
Customer Service

Cleaning and Sanitizing
Cooperative Attitude

Cash Register Operations

Credit and Cash Transactions

Cash Drawer Balancing

Patient Schedule Management
Disinfecting Rooms and Equipment
Sterilization Techniques

Exam Room Setups

Treatment Room Setup
Organization and Prioritization
Occlusal Registrations

Instrument Tray Preparation

Supply Ordering

‘Teamwork and Collaboration
Medical Charting

Medical Records Management

12/2019 to CURRENT

Cashed customer checks, verified identification and checked account balances in accordance with bank

policy.

Reconciled cash and checks against computer records at end of shift
Responded and assisted customers with account inquiries and updates.

Explained bank services, financial products and applicable fees to customers.

Identified customer financial needs, goals and objectives and offered appropriate financial products to

suit needs

Adhered to strict guidelines regarding financial and customer data to avoid breaches and information

misuse.

Entered transactions into computer and issued customer receipts

‘+ Increased knowledge of banking products and services by actively participating in available training
classes and workshops offered to employees

‘+ Ordered checks, placed stop payment orders and conducted additional special services for customers.

‘+ Met or exceeded sales goals by promoting bank products and services in customer interactions

‘+ Identified and reported suspicious behavior to security personnel as appropriate

+ Welcomed customers and offered pleasant service during entire transaction

+ Demonstrated expertise in identifying and mitigating potential fraud and transaction risks

+ Opened new checking, savings and lines of credit for customer accounts.

‘+ Served large number of customers during high volume shifts and remained composed and professional
in stressful situations.

‘+ Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.

+ Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.

‘+ Adhered to financial services security and audit procedures.

+ Directed specific questions to appropriate branch personnel.

+ Issued and redeemed money orders, cashier checks, traveler's checks and savings bonds

‘+ Delivered exceptional service to customers in person or over telephone

‘+ Performed transactional, operational and customer support tasks through knowledge of bank
procedures and products.

+ Built and maintained client relationships through quality, personalized interactions

+ Cross-sold bank products by answering inquiries, informing customers of new services and promotions

+ Used a strong knowledge of banking products and services to confidently educate customers about
features, benefits and pricing

* Counted drawers and reconciled remaining cash to accost for deposits and dispersals

‘+ Entered customer transactions into computers to record transactions and issue computer-generated
receipts.

COHIER

Denair Unified School District | Denair, CA

+ Collected payments and provided accurate change
‘+ Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.

‘+ Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice

+ Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers

‘+ Processed sales transactions to prevent long customer wait times.

+ Accepted cash and credit card payments, issued receipts and provided change.

+ Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer services.
‘+ Delivered high level of customer service to patrons using active listening and engagement skills.
‘+ Reported pricing discrepancies to supervisor.

‘+ Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.

‘+ Preserved appearance of store by arranging and replenishing displays and merchandise racks
‘+ Answered customer questions and provided store information

‘+ Directed trash removal and sanitation procedures to keep aisles and register area organized

DECITAL ASSISTANT
Dental Care Alliance | Jackson, MI

‘+ Sanitized equipment, cleaned treatment rooms and restocked supplies after each patient's treatment to
maintain cleanliness and prepare for next patient,

‘+ Explained dental services and payment plans to help patients make informed decisions

‘+ Provided chair-side assistance during dental examinations and procedures to boost efficiency and calm
nervous patients.

+ Utilized automated washers to sterilize instruments and prevent cross-infection between patients.

‘+ Assisted dentist during examinations by retracting patient's cheeks and tongue

+ Documented patient records with procedures performed and added notes taken to charts.

‘+ Built loyal patient following and retained return patients by providing empathetic and caring service.

 

KIDS COMMUNICATION SKILLS 12/2015
SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST MASTER GUIDE, SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST CHURCH

Dectal Assisting 12/2014
NASSAU BOCES, Westbury, NY

Hic School Diploma 01/2006

FAR ROCKAWAY HIGH SCHOOL, Queens, NY

06/2018 to 08/2019

11/2014 to 06/2018

English.
Negotiated:

BILINGUAL VICEPRESIDENT
Honor Roll 2005
Completed coursework in SPANISH AP

Spanish
Negotiated: