SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

 

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Human Resources Management Professional with a background in the enhancement of relationships between
management and employees; recruiting and staffing; presenting training in a formal and informal
environment; promoting employee satisfaction, well-being and quality of work life; providing timely and sound
advice to employees and managers throughout an organization: achieving sound laborimanagement working
relationships: and creating a healthy work environment between a Union and Agency.

‘+ Hiring and retention + Labor agreements
+ Training and development + Compensation administration

+ Recruiting + Regulatory compliance

‘+ Compensation/payroll + Personnel records maintenance
‘+ Employee relations + Exceptional interpersonal skills

HUMAN RESOURCES SPECIALIST (EMPLOYEE AND LABOR RELATIONS! TRAINING 04/2015 to 01/2016
AND DEVELOPMENT)

State Of Minnesota | Monticello, MN

‘+ Designed the employee performance evaluation process and merit program.

‘+ Worked with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures

+ Conducted an average of over 150 employee exit interviews per year which helped identify issues with
management and the work environment

+ Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives

+ Advised managers on organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes

+ Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and
administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems.

+ Prepared personnel directives, special reports, and correspondence.

+ Conducted investigations and prepared statements, findings, and reports

+ Overseen all FMLA processes, Unemployment procedures, Performance Management, Reasonable
accommodation, and Management/Employee issues

‘+ Presented training information via role playing, simulations and team exercises.

+ Led training programs designed to implement new agent performance management standards for
twelve departments.

‘+ Effectively trained instructors and supervisors on techniques for managing employees.

+ Facilitated training on benefits, FMLA and CFRA, new employee orientation and performance
appraisals.

+ Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance

ACQOUNTING TECHNICIAN 09/2012 to 05/2015

Marine Corps Community Services - MCAS | City, STATE

‘+ Served as the Employee and Labor Relations Specialist Training and Development Specialist,
responsible for all aspects of employee relations, labor relations, ensuring Agency compliance with the
collective bargaining agreement (CBA) covering about 500 employees, and conducted training sessions
such as New Hire Orientation, Finance 101, Human Resources 101, The Change Element, Performance
Coaching for Managers, and several other classes mandated and recommended for management and
employees.

‘+ Administered grievance procedures, unfair labor practices, mediations, and arbitration procedures

‘+ Served as the Chief Negotiator and conducted contract negotiations for a CBA that had not been
renegotiated in over 11 years.

‘+ Provided training to management and supervisory position employees on the CBA and basic principles
of Employee & Labor Relations.

+ Prepared reports and seeked legal opinions, as appropriate.

‘+ Interpreted contract language and provided guidance to management and employees.

‘+ Identified training needs, planned, developed, and delivered training sessions to the agency.

+ Coordinated meetings with supervisors, employees, and/or any individual requesting guidance or
presenting a situation that needed to be addressed,

+ Advised Management and Employees on all employee relation matters.

+ Mediated discussions to resolve issues with employees

+ Responsible for all functions and employees of the Human Resources office when acting as the Human
Resources Director, upon her absence.

‘+ Performed the full range of technical accounting support to multiple activities and entities associated
with the Marine Corps Air Station, Yuma, AZ.

‘+ Assisted higher level fiscal office officials in researching and resolving accounting and other fiscal
report discrepancies and problem issues.

‘+ Responsible for performing complete voucher examining on a variety of invoices and other documents.

‘+ Maintained files and was responsible for initiating correspondence with the individual/company to
resolve discrepancies.

+ Prepared end of month schedules, end of month account reconciliations, and schedules of aged
accounts,

‘+ Prepared and assigned financial codes

+ Computed and settled all travel advances and reimbursements for civilian employees and Marines

‘+ Responsible for accounts recievables and payable throught the organization.

‘+ Thoroughly examined vendors’ statements and resolved any issues with incorrect payments or
transactions

SLOERVISOR/ FINANCE MANAGER-TECHNICIAN/FISCAL AUDITOR/FORMAL, 08/2001 to 10/2011
INSTRUCTOR STAFF SERGEANT

United States Marine Corps

‘+ Served as the Travel section supervisor auditing and certifying travel payments in accordance with Joint
Federal Travel Regulations (JFTR), Department of Defense Pay Manual (DODPM), and Marine Corps
Regulations, with the use of the IATS program, Marine Corps Total Force System (3270) program, and
the Defense Travel Management System (DTMS).

+ Accurately prepared reports to higher headquarters,

+ Managed and trained over 300 personnel within the Finance office.

‘+ Served as the Fiscal section supervisor responsible for processing, reconciliation, and payment of
expenses for base operations and maintenance

+ Accurately prepared financial expense reports and balance sheets on a daily basis.

‘+ Audited and verified cash and government checks maintained within the Finance Office

+ Coordinated with pay and travel administrative employees for payment of claims to military and civilian
employees.

+ Served as the section leader of the Travel and Customer Service Section in direct supervision of 32
Marines.

+ Provided quality travel and pay support to over 60,000 Marines and civilians within the eastern region of
the United States

+ Responsible for auditing and ensuring that travel claims are paid in accordance with the Joint Federal
Travel Regulations and other pertinent US Marine Corps Regulations

‘+ Served as a Drill Instructor, Experienced Drill Instructor, and Senior Drill Instructor, instructing over 480
entry level personnel in ethical values, general military subjects, basic individual skills, and small unit
leadership.

‘+ Supervised the basic daily routine, physical training, and academic instruction.

‘+ Instructed and evaluated over 6,040 personnel in entry level Tan Belt Training in the Marine Corps
Martial Arts Program

‘+ Deployed from March 2005- September 2005 to numerous countries to include Iraq, Kuwait, Israel,
Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Bahrain, Dubai, Spain, Greece, and Qatar.

‘+ Handled all military pay and travel issues for over 2,500 Marines serving with the 26th Marine
Expeditionary Unit.

+ Conducted one of the first trial sessions of the Navy Cash Program (ATM/Debit Card) aboard a U.S.

+ vessel

‘+ Participated in several missions to provide security, financial assistance, and support to military
personnel and foreigners, such as Operation Enduring Freedom in Iraq, Joint Exercise Caya Green in
Israel, Operation Moonlight in Jordan, and the United States Military Training Mission in Saudi Arabia.

+ Certifications, Recognitions, and Awards August 2015, Department of the Navy, Management
Representatives Workshop II (Certification to serve as management representative before the Merit
Systems Protection Board (MSPB), the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), arbitrators,
and other administrative bodies.) June 2015, Department of the Navy, Management Representatives
Workshop | (Two part series, completed in August).

November 2013, MCCS Managers Course (Leadership Skills) September 2013, JUNE 2013
Department of the Navy, Labor Negotiations Seminar (Certification to act as Chief Negotiator for
Contract Negotiations) August 2013, "The Change Element" Facilitators Certification July 2013,
Marine Corps Community Services, "Performance Coaching" Facilitators Course July 2013,
Director of MCCS, Letter Of Appreciation, Developed and Facilitated Training to over 75
Management Staff June 2013, Graduate School USA, Federal Labor Relations Certificate

 

Ofcce Of Personnel Management, Labor Relations- Professional Development Series Il_ MAY 2013
Certificate

HR University

FI

 

- Basic Statutory Training Certificate

PuCing Yourself in the Other Person's Shoes Certificate “January 2010, US Marine Corps, MAY 2013
Equal Opportunity Representative Course

HR University

GPA: Awarded the Outstanding Drill Instructor of the Cycle Award (2009 Quantico, VA) *Awarded Drill
Instructor of the Quarter (2008 Parris Island, SC) *Honor Graduate for Corporals Leadership Course

‘Awarded the Outstanding Drill Instructor of the Cycle Award (2009 Quantico, VA) “Awarded Drill Instructor of
the Quarter (2008 Parris Island, SC) *Honor Graduate for Corporals Leadership Course

 

HeOor Graduate for Financial Management School (2002 Camp Johnson, NC) *Honor Graduate 2003
for Marine Combat Training (2001 Camp Geiger, NC) Education and Credentials “Human Resource
Management Certificate

University of Phoenix, New River, NC

Wicte Belt Six Sigma Certification, C.PI. Academy, January 2015 (Will continue to pursue Lean Six
Sigma Certifications until Black Belt level is achieved.)

Bob Jones High School, Madison, AL

Hin School Diploma MAY 2000
Continuing Education

BzOhelors of Science | Business Human Resource Management PRESENT
University of Phoenix

(87) College Credits- Attending two classes (online fulltime) every five weeks. Business Human Resource
Management

PrCtessional in Human Resources Certification OCTOBER 2016

academic, account reconciliations, accounting, administrative, arbitration, Arts, Agency, ATM, auditing,
balance, balance sheets, Basic, benefits, budget management, C, Coaching, communications skill,
consultation, Contract Negotiations, clientele, Customer Service, Debit, employee relations, expense reports,
Finance, financial, Financial Management, government, Human Resource Management, Human Resource,
Human Resources, HR, instruction, Instructor, instructing, Labor Relations, leadership, Leadership Skills, law,
legal, Director, meetings, Microsoft Office, Office, Microsoft Outlook, Navy, Negotiations, Negotiator,
organizational, Performance Management, personnel, Personnel Management, policies, presenting,
processes, public speaking, quality, recruiting, recruitment, researching, Six Sigma, staffing, supervisor,
supervisory, supervision, employee development