SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA94105 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Having Total 10+years of IT experience with complete project life cycle experience, adept at application
development, testing and optimization. Excels at application development, including coordinating ground-up
planning, programming and implementation for core modules

Expertise in analysis, design and development. + Expertise in analysis, Agile development

. methodologies

+ Microsoft Certified Professional Developer in design and development of client/server, web
Developing Web Based Applications Using based and n-tier applications
C#.NET + Experienced in developing windows applications,

. web applications, windows services and

‘+ Microsoft Certified Professional Developer in communication services in Microsoft Visual
Windows Azure Studio Net 2010, 2008, 2005 using C#, Net

. Framework (2.0,3.0.3.5, 4.5 ), ASPNET,

‘+ Microsoft Certified Professional Developer in WINFORMIWPF, Web services, WCF, ADO.NET
Sal 2012 and SQL Server 2008, R2/2005, SSIS, SSRS

+ Experienced in developing applications
Silverlight 4.0 using “MVVM (Model View View
Model)" and asynchronous calls

+ Experience with development of Asp.net using
MVC pattern

SENIOR DEVELOPER 11/2012
Barclays Bank | Washington, MA

Project Description:

‘+ Financial Royalty is royalty payout business in IEB division of Microsoft. This project uses cloud services
to push pull of transaction ingestion (ingested by other services like Xbox Live, Cl etc)

‘+ Ingest the master data from other existing service providers such as GDNP,

+ Games and Video, Raw catalog, Product, Offer using windows NT services. Once master data and
transactions data ingested into Royalty system, use ETL to create dashboard and royalty payments to
partners (external and internal )

‘Technology used: C#, Visual Studio 2012, VSTF/TFS , XML, SQL Server 2008 R2, Net 4.5, Azure Storage
Services including Table storage, BLOB, Queues, SQL Azure

Role Description:
Participate in SPRINT meetings, daily scrum

-Understanding and Analysis of business requirement.

-Provide the estimates based on the requirement.

-Design process for each user stories

Implementation of the user story using technologies

-Resolve the Production Bugs as on critical basis.

“Timely fashioned and quality deliverables

-Deployment and resolutions of hot fixes.

-Support Operations team in case of critical issues

-Coordinate with Test and Operations teams on regular work items

SEQUOR SQL BI (ETL) 04/2012 to 10/2012
Mastech Digital, Inc. | Lowell, MA

Project Description:
‘+ This involves data extraction, transformation and load from various data sources of organization,
external web sites using Microsoft SSIS and SQL Server 2008 R2. This also involves the creation of the
Slice Reports such as Net Position, Energy Imbalance, Large Industry using Qlikview Business
Intelligence tool
+ Technology used: C#, Visual Studio 2010, VSTF/TFS , XML, SQL Server 2008 R2, Net 4.0

Role Description:
-Understanding and Analysis of business requirement.

Logical and physical architectural design of Data flow and data storage through SSIS services.

-Designing and development of Database objects such Tables, Stored Procedures, Views, function, SQL Jobs
using the SQL Server 2008 R2, .Net framework 4.0 for each report

“Use of Excel Power pivot and Qlikview business Intelligence tool for report Ul development.

“Creation of Indexing, constraints, stage tables

-Use of SQL Profiler and Database tuning of queries

-Use of Query Analyzer and Optimizer to check performance

‘SCOTWARE DEVELOPER 11/2011 to 03/2012
T-Mobile | Staten Island, NY

Project Description:
‘+ This involves the replacement of the existing BizTalk 2004 solution by Microsoft Windows Workflow 4.0
which will improve the VRDB System manageability. Design and develop the core processes such as
New Voter Registration, Update Voter, Voter Audit, Global Update and Process Identity Check.
‘+ Technology used: C#, Visual Studio 2010, VSTF/TFS , XML, SQL Server 2008 R2, .Net 4.0, Windows
AppFabric
Role Description: as Software Developer:
‘+ -Understanding and Analysis of business requirement analysis,
‘+ -Designing and development of work flow solutions and Database using the Windows Workflow 4.0, C#,
SQL Server 2010, Net framework 4.0
‘+ -Use of Windows AppFabric to monitor event and error logging
‘+ -Deployment of the processes using the windows services as scheduler.

st
T-Mobile | Steamboat Springs, CO

 

STWARE ENGINEER 2011 to 11/2011

‘+ Customer Name: Microsoft Corporation
Project Description:

+ Data Services Layer (DSL) is Microsoft BI Engineering initiative which is a data consumption platform.
It provides a single location for users to explore & consume data located within EDW & data external to
EDW (Enterprise Data warehouse),
Itis also called as EDW explorer.
EDW Explorer is the UI for exploring, consuming, publishing & requesting access to DSL data packages
This DSL /EDW Explorer is a Silverlight based - web based application.
This web application uses Silverlight 4.0, C#, Object Orientated design, ADO.Net, SQL Server 2008,
MVVM pattern, WCF Technology used: C#, Visual Studio 2010, VSTF, XML, SQL Server 2008 R2, .Net
4.0, WCF, Silverlight 4.0.
Role Description: as Software Developer:

‘+ Understood the functionality and process flow according to business requirements.

+ Prepared the technical specifications documents according to the functional documents.

‘+ Designing and development features and Database using the ASP.net.
-Use of MVVM patterns
-Write the WCF methods, Business Layer, Middle Tier (Business Logic, Business Objects, Request/response
classes)
“Add /Modify the methods of the Data Access components using ADO.Net
-Design new DB tables, stored procedures, Jobs and scheduling
“Writing Unit test Cases using Microsoft Pex and Moles.
-Creating a Build Automation Process using Octopus and VSTF 2010Participated in requirement gathering.
-Deployment of the application Using Octopus
-Write a routine Office Open XML to export the Sample data in Excel 2010
“Use of Delegates, Event Handling, and Callback functions, Mediator Pattern for View Model, Models of
Silverlight UL

st
TMobile | Sunrise, FL

 

STWARE ENGINEER 05/2010 to 11/2010

‘+ Microsoft Ad-CRM is a team which pushes the Advertisements to the Bing search page.

‘+ Lam part of the integration team, where we are building couple of tools to collect different type of
reports on Bing search Advertising traffic.

‘+ Proposal Builder is ASP.Net web application.

+ Microsoft ADCRM Team will use the Proposal builder to alleviate the manual processes necessary for
Sales to configure proposals at the template level for sending to the client, and track between their
Opportunities and Actual Sales.

‘+ Benefits resulting from this project include an automated Order to Opportunity mapping that would
streamline pipeline reporting, greater efficiency in formulating proposals, improve visibility to pipeline
health, and reducing response times to customer.

‘+ This application is a customization of Microsoft Dynamics CRM used in ADCRM group of MSN (Microsoft
Advertising Group).

‘+ This web application uses ASPNet, C#, Object Orientated design, Entity framework, SQL Server 2008,
MVC pattern, WCF, AJAX toolkit, JavaScr.

Role Description: as Software Developer
-Understanding business, requirement analysis,

-Designing the screen —(Ul) using asp.net, HTML for demonstration (prototype)

-Designing and development UI and Database using the ASPnet, C#, SQL Server 2008 , Net framework 3.5
-Deployment of the application on the Microsoft Dynamic CRM servers under the Sales Module (Opportunity)
“Use of MVC patterns

-Develop the business component using entity based framework

-Development of WCF service with wsHTTP and TCPnet bindings

“Use of AJAX toolkit for Grid view controls

-Customize the Ribbon control (Office 2007 Ul) menu

-Development of SSIS packages and SQL jobs

-Development of reports using SSIS for generation of Proposal Builder documents

SCOTWARE ENGINEER 2010 to 05/2010

‘T-Mobile | Thomaston, ME

‘+ Andes is ASP.Net web application which delivers the ability for IT to create and manage a Private Cloud
with the Dynamic Datacenter Toolkit For Enterprises (DDTE) Solution Accelerator.

‘+ DDTE is a cloud computing platform which dynamically on-boards internal customer computing
resources by provisioning virtual machines into production that are configured to their business needs
and service availabilty.

‘+ The successful release of this project will provide IT managers with more centralized control and better
management of their combined physical and virtual computing environments.

‘+ Andes reduce the manual steps associated with building physical servers and provisioning virtual
machine resources.

‘+ Andes also make reporting on the availability of IT services more manageable.

+ And Andes provides Microsoft with a competitive offering against other private cloud disruptors; it allows
customers to leverage their current Microsoft licensing agreement with Windows Server and System
Center SKU's to build the virtual env

Role Description: as Software Developer
-Understood the functionality and process flow according to business requirements

-Development of Globalization of the complete Web Application “Andes” using Microsoft Net technology 2008,
ASP.Net, Framework 3.0, 3.5.

-Development of Setup Application using WPF, C#

SCOTWARE ENGINEER 08/2008 to 11/2009

Mastech Digital, Inc. | Marlborough, MA

‘+ Microsoft Amalga (formerly known as Azyxxi) is a unified health enterprise platform designed to retrieve
and display patient information from many sources, including scanned documents, electrocardiograms,
X-rays, MRI scans and other medical imaging procedures, lab results, dictated reports of surgery, as
well as patient demographics and contact information using HL7 messaging (through Parser services).

+ Technology Used: MS.Net framework 3.5, WPF, WINDOWS, C# (3.0, 3.5), SQL Server 2008, XML,
XAML.

+ VSTS 2008, WPF, Win Forms

‘+ Role Description: as Developer: Development of Globalization of the Unified Intelligence System (Health
Solution Product) using Microsoft Net technology 2008, Net Framework 3.0, 3.5

‘+ And SQL Server 2008 database

‘+ The Globalization involves design and development of the framework so that it will be utilize across the
modules for internalization of this product

‘+ This also involves the globalization of the WPF and Win Forms.

‘+ Involved in VIEW, Amaiga Manager Development and TSHOW pa.

‘+ Role Description: as Developer:

-Development of Globalization of the Unified Intelligence System (Health Solution Product) using Microsoft. Net

technology 2008, .Net Framework 3.0, 3.5. And SQL Server 2008 database

“The Globalization involves design and development of the framework so that it will be utilize across the

modules for internalization of this product. This also involves the globalization of the WPF and Win Forms

‘Involved in VIEW, Amalga Manager Development and TSHOW parameters processing bugs fixing

‘Involved in middie tier services (ADO.Net) bug fixing

“Involved in bug fixing of various components such as Fields Manager, Field Viewer, Lab Manager, Lab

Viewer, Tablist Controls, Stored Query manager, Data Grid (Patient information list) etc.

-Working closely with Dev/PM/Test team to get required information and improve quality of the product.

st
Walt Disney Co. | Daly City, CA

 

TWARE DEVELOPER 05/2006 to 07/2008

‘+ Safeco Insurance Personal Lines Group added a new tool Click Software Scheduler and Mobile
Communication for its Customer Support team and Field Agents in addition to their existing software
application

‘+ This tool can schedule the request and allocate the field agent to visit the incident location (dispatcher
system), Technology Used: NET, SQL Server 2000/2005, with C#, SOAP/XML and ASPNET, NET, SQL
reporting Services 2005 Role Description: as Developer & Tester: Integration and migration of the SQL
database of existing system to new click database using C# script.

‘+ Involved in the requirement analysis of Logistics business team with the scheduling tool Click software.

‘+ Involved in the data base of the scheduling tool (Click Software) design

‘+ Specify, design Enterprise Reports using Microsoft Reporting Services 2005 Design and Develop web
based enterprise reports using MS reporting services 2005 and SQL Server 2000/2005 database and
STAR SCHEMA pattern to support Claims and Customer.

+ There were

‘SCOTWARE DEV LEAD 09/2006 to 04/2007
ECCH | City, STATE
+ ECCH is a Win Form based Desktop application to handle the transaction for renewing the Licenses of
master licensing, Real Estate licensing and other customer service offices.
‘+ This is Retail POS application.
‘+ This also involves integration of transaction (daily) to Actual revenue System using nightly running jobs

‘+ Technology Used: NET, SQL Server 2000/2008, with C#, SOAP/XML and ASP.NET, NET, SQL reporting
Services

Masters of Business Administration
University of Pune, Pune

Baohelors of Engineering
University of Pune, Pune