JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Attentive Waitress with superior knowledge of ethnic dining and dedication to fantastic dining experiences. Trained in table-side serving with
understanding of food and beverage pairings and great salesmanship. Known for maintaining speed and accuracy in high-traffic times.
Dedicated food service professional well-versed in food and beverage operations as well as guest services. Experienced in managing large-scale
events or intimate gourmet dining and afternoon tea services. Successful at building relationships with customers to increase loyalty and repeat

business,

 

SKILLS

Conflict and Complaint Resolution
High Volume Dining

‘Verbal and Written Communication

‘Menu Memorization and Presentation

‘Warm and Friendly
Relationship Building

PPE Guideline Compliance
Order Accuracy and Delivery

Dining Room Cleaning and Upkeep

Menu Recommendations
High Energy and Stamina
Cleaning and Sanitizing

Customer Service and Rapport
Food Safety Standards

Cool Under Pressure

‘Team Player

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Accountant, 09/2019 - Current
Alliant - Salem, VA.
* Managed entire accounting cycle, including gathering information, preparing documents, finalizing reports and closing books

Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.
Prepared and filed state and federal tax forms for commercial and individual clients.

Documented all cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records

Chef, 09/2019 - Current
College Fresha®, Inc. — Ames, IA
+ Monitored line processes to maintain consistency in quality, quantity and presentation.
+ Utilized proper cleaning techniques to sanitize counters and utensils used in preparation of ingredients.
* Collaborated with staff members to create meals for large banquets.
+ Oversaw grill, stove and oven and cleaned all equipment after every shift.
* Mentored kitchen staff at all levels to prepare each for demanding roles.
* Collaborated with other personnel to produce and modify menus and selections.
* Hired, trained and managed all kitchen staff, including employee development, issuing disciplinary action and conducting performance
reviews,
+ Verified compliance in preparation of menu items and customer special requests.
+ Handled and stored food to eliminate illness and prevent cross-contamination
* Responded to dietary concems and food allergies, creating dishes to meet customer needs and palates.
* Obtained fresh, local ingredients, resulting in lower grocery costs.
* Planned promotional menu additions based on seasonal pricing and product availability.
« Prevented cross-contamination from utensils, surfaces and pans when cooking and plating meals for food allergy sufferers.

* Checked freezer and refrigerator prior to each shift to verify correct temperatures.

Waitress, 02/1999 - 11/2002
Healthcare Services Group — Oklahoma City, OK
* Maintained order efficiency and accuracy through clear communication with kitchen staff, eaming numerous recommendations from
satisfied customers.
* Shared knowledge of menu items and flavors, enabling customers to make personal decisions based on taste and interest.
* Checked identification for minimum age for sale of alcoholic beverages.
* Carried out complete opening, closing and shift change duties to keep restaurant working efficiently and teams ready to meet customer
needs
+ Bussed and reset tables to keep dining room and work areas clean
* Displayed enthusiasm and promoted excellent service to customers, successfully increasing referrals and walk-in business.
« Folded napkins and prepared silverware sets to provide adequate supply for host station.
* Enlisted coworkers’ assistance for multi-order delivery to avoid spilling or dropping food
+ Inspected dishes and utensils for cleanliness.
«Stayed up-to-date on menu changes to help customers make food choices.

‘© Maintained customer satisfaction with timely table check-ins to assess food and beverage needs

 

EpucaTion

Bachelor of Science: Psychology, 06/2022
California State University Los Angeles - Los Angeles, CA

Associate of Arts: Social And Behavioral Science, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles, CA

Associate of Arts: Arts And Humanities, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles, CA

Associate of Arts: Natural Sciences And Mathematics, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles, CA

Associate of Arts: Spanish, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles, CA

Associate of Arts: Psychology, 06/2020
Los Angeles City College - Los Angeles, CA

GED: 05/2013
Evans Community Adult School - Los Angeles, CA

LANGUAGES:

 

 

Spanish: Eng
Negotiated: Negotiated: