JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Detail-oriented Accounting and Finance Professional with 6+ years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale
financial organizations. History working as part of financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax management and reporting and
managing schedules, directing teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in GAAP, ledger updates and report writing. Exceptional

interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities.

 

SKILLS

* Payroll Auditing + Payroll Preparation
« Financial and Regulatory Consulting
* Tax Liabilities

Software and Hardware Implementation

Server Management

« Effective and Professional Communication # SAP expertise
« Financial Statements * Budget Analysis
© Accounting Software Systems © MS Office Suite
* GAAP Accounting Practices

Work History

Accountant, 03/2022 - Current
Avx — Greenville, SC
+ Gathered financial information from Grant agreements to prepare Grantee Contracts In SAP
* Working on State of Illinois Accounting systems and processes including SAP and HANA Reporting.
+ Establishing detailed for accounting system NON-Federal grantor agencies.
« Establishing and maintaining associated cost centers, Monitoring expenditures through out life of grants and advising management in
necessary grant adjustments or grant extension requests,
« Preparing CODS(Contract Obligation Document)and Vouchers for grant agreements.
« Processing refunds according to state Guidelines
« Preparing Monthly Reconciliations between obligations and Grant Vouchers to ensure there is no discrepancies
* Reviewing accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement
* Decreased errors to near-zero in reporting and vouchering and general bookkeeping.
+ Reviewing Monthly Periodic financial reports submitted by grantees, Ensuring there are No discrepancies in amounts of vouchers,
* Decreased errors in Grantee budget administration by reviewing reports, leveraging knowledge to strengthen controls and improve

transparency.

Financial Consultant, 03/2022 - Current
Brightree — Madison, WI
« Assisting walk-in traffic with identifying financial needs and goals to provide customized solutions.
+ Educating Management on various financial matters and providing professional recommendations on investment opportunities, products
and services based on each clients' individual needs

* Consulting management as needed

Finance and Administration Manager, 08/2019 - 03/2022
University Of Colorado — Colorado Springs, CO
* Completed clerical and data entry tasks to optimize financial procedures
© Updated daily transaction records to assist with payroll and billing administration.
* Reconciled accounts and investigated variances.
« Analyzed budgets, forecasts and current trends to support overall financial operations.
* Monitored and compiled data and reports to present to leadership.
+ Produced Quarterly reports outlining latest financial information such as expenses, income and outstanding balances from Insurance
‘Companies.
* Checked payroll, vendor payments, commissions and other accounting disbursements for accuracy and compliance.
* Recruited, interviewed, hired and trained 10 employees and implemented mentoring program to promote positive feedback and
engagement.
+ Prepared intemal and regulatory financial reports, balance sheets and income statements.
« Prepared cash flow projections, cost analysis and monthly, quarterly and annual reports.
# Resolved escalated Insurance payment issues, Brought Discrepancies to near-Zero.
« Ensured timely Collections of AR which didn't exceed more than 30 days time frame
+ Prepared bi-weekly payroll for 10 employees and maintained all associated files
* Reconciled accounts and investigated variances
+ Monitored and compiled data and reports to present to leadership
+ Prepared and posted receipts and deposits to facilitate standard bookkeeping
© Updated daily transaction records to assist with payroll and billing administration

Accounting and Finance Intern, 09/2016 - 07/2019
Bae Systems — Warrenton. VA
+ Assisted with month-end closing processes and verified journal entries
+ Assisted with account reviews and preparation for account reviews.
* Developed and analyzed various budgets and performed financial statement analysis,
* Supported finance department payroll administration while monitoring reportable hours of 10 full-time employees.
* Gained knowledge of accounting principles and standards and general business practices to evaluate financial data and transactions.
* Reconciled company accounts for credit cards, employee expenses and commissions.
* Maintained accurate and complete documentation for financial department procedures to facilitate new employee training.
* Balanced and submitted financial reports for review and approval
* Received, reviewed and verified validity and completeness of appropriation, accounting and financial data

* Gained knowledge of accounting principles and standards and general business practices to evaluate financial data and transactions

 

EpucaTion

B.S: Accounting And Finance, 03/2019
East West University - Chicago

* Dean's List Ist Semester

* University Scholarship Recipient

* Study Abroad: Melbourne Australia, Business

A.A.S: Business
Cambridge International College - Melbourne

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

Documented and resolved AR Issues which led to reimbursement.

Supervised team of 10 staff members.

Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets.

 

Generated 100% reduction in billing errors which led to revenue increase.

Handled and resolved the largest Number of reporting discrepancies Within a month,