JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Goal-focused Accountant with arecord of accurate reporting and budget management. Offering more than 10 years of experience handling all
finances for several locations, including payroll, budgets, reports, audits, journals, expenditures and payments.

‘Work History

Accountant, 01/2020 - Current

Albertsons Company Inc. — Casa Grande, AZ

Provide financial information to management by researching and analyzing accounting data; preparing reports.

Document financial transactions by entering account information.

Summarize current financial status by collecting information; preparing balance sheet, profit and loss statement, and other reports.
Substantiate financial transactions by auditing documents.

Maintain accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures.

Prepare payments by verifying documentation, and requesting disbursements.

Answer accounting procedure questions by researching and interpreting accounting policy and regulations

Comply with federal, state, and local financial legal requirements by studying existing and new legislation, enforcing adherence to
requirements, and advising management on needed actions

Prepare special financial reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing account information and trends.

Maintain client confidence and protects operations by keeping financial information confidential

Assist in the preparation of the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (CAFR) through schedule preparation, etc., including assistance with
Single Audit schedules.

Assist in the financial administration of federal and state grant funds ensuring compliance with grant conditions and correct accounting.
Read, interpret, and apply laws, rules, regulations, policies, and/or procedures.

Track, report, and make professional-level recommendations with regard to sub-recipient fiscal performance, including sub-contract budget
provisions, budget modifications and/or amendments.

Review, analyze, and interpret cost allocation plans.

Ensure funding requests are reviewed and processed appropriately and expenditures are properly recorded in the general ledger, including grant

- funding source(s), account code, function, program, and contract.

Business Manager/ Accountant, 05/2019 - 01/2020
Miramont Country Club — City, STATE
Create, generate, distribute, and analyze daily, monthly &

  

quarterly reports regarding Club financials
Process daily deposits involving cash, check, credit card, & ACH while maintaining a detailed log of all transactions.

Handle all petty cash for Club operations, ensuring flawless record-keeping of allocations & the transition of monies

Handle all A/P procedures; incl: proper taxation & coding for all requests for payment.

Ensure all new vendor procedures are complete & accurate before business transactions occur. Acquire W-9s, Texas Sales and Use Tax
certificates, credit applications, new vendor forms, Certificates of Liability Insurance, etc.

Manage monthly A/R processing (member billing).

Audits all monthly food, beverage, golf, & tennis inventories & send validation to corporate accounting.

Oversee the physical count of the entire Clubhouse annually.

Responsible for the fiscal year budget process with assistance from the GM. (Planning/scheduling all meetings with individual Department,
Heads as well as version & final reviews)

Audit Membership files annually to ensure accuracy.

Create commission reports for all commissioned employees.

Create a sales tax report for corporate

Revise service charge spreadsheets to ensure accuracy for payroll

Business Manager/Bookkeeper, 04/2006 - 08/2014

Lone Star Bridges, LLC — City, STATE

Coordinate & Supervise client data, provide estimates, generate invoices, maintain Quickbooks accounting software, process change orders,
order materials and supplies, Process payroll, Submit tax filings, tax payments, generate sales leads, maintain online website and customer
responses, process all customer emails and requests for information, maintain vendor data and invoices, renew insurances and licenses, conduct
interviews and new hire processing, project management, budgeting, banking reconciliations, meet with customers on potential job sites to

collect job data and measurements.

 

 

SKILLS
* Account reconciliation specialist *# Intuit QuickBooks specialist
« Financial modeling capability « Excellent Managerial Techniques
* General Ledger Accounting Expertise * MS Office Suite
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Technical Management Specializing in Accounting, 03/2019
DeVry University - Villa Park, IL

  

Associate of Science: Accounting, 12/2016
Blinn College - Bryan, TX

CERTIFICATIONS

‘* Microsoft PowerPoint 2016 Introductory
Pearson - Dec 2016

‘* Microsoft Access 2016 Introductory
Pearson - Nov 2016

* Microsoft Excel 2016 Introductory
Pearson - Oct 2016

‘* Microsoft Word 2016 Introductory
Pearson - Sep 2016

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

« Fall 2018 Dean's List
Dec 2018 - DeVry University
Eaming 3.5 or higher
* Sigma Alpha Pi Honors
Nov 2018 - The National Society of Leadership and Success
* Spring 2018 Dean's List
May 2018 - DeVry University
Eaming 3.5 or higher
« President's Scholars List
May 2017 - Blinn College
Must earn a 3.75 GPA on each course
+ Deans Scholars List
May 2016 - Blinn College

‘Must eam a 3.25 GPA on each course