JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Bilingual (English-Spanish) Accounting professional and business-oriented team player with proven track record working in multiple industries
A high achiever with a strong performance record contributing to organizational success. A creative risk taker and change agent with
demonstrated talent and expertise in the following areas: General business knowledge Account Reconciliation Financial reporting Passion for

numbers Analytical skills Accounts Receivable Cash Posting Time management Communication skills

 

SKILLS

* People skills * Month End Close
* Accounting Software * Account reconciliation expert
* Accounts payable and receivable * GAAP Accounting
« Financial Statements © General ledger entries
« Financial Reporting * Full-cycle accounting
* General Ledger * Analytical research
* Journal Entries, * Year-end close
* Balance Sheet

EXPERIENCE

 

Accountant, 08/2019 - Current
Alliance For Positive Health — Hudson, NY
* Reconciles daily 4,000 bank transactions through Kyriba System and records manually the exceptions transactions for the GL mapping
rules that are not set up in the system.
* Verifies accuracy of entered data in Oracle and adjusts necessary items to reconcile cash.
* Reconciles 100+ bank accounts and records checks, ACH and cash receipts
* Performs month-end close procedure, including preparation of journal entries by day 3 of closing for tax, leases, new acquisitions, non
customer lockbox, P&L and specials accounts
* Reconciles GL accounts and investigate and resolves discrepancies adding supporting documentation and maintaining accurate account
balances,
* Collaborates extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes providing the requested documentation.
« Reviewes and reconciles discrepancies in accounts and financial documentation.
« Identifies process inefficiencies and recommended improvements.

+ Reduces closing time for monthly and quarterly close by implementing new consolidation procedures

Staff Accountant, 02/2018 - 08/2019
Nidec Motors — Rancho Cordova, CA
* Performed general ledger account and bank statement reconciliation for local and international clients.
+ Prepared journal entries and financial statements, creating and maintaining periodic reporting, maintaining fixed asset system.
* Reconciled the cash accounts and general operating accounts and entered the cash journals into the General Ledger.
+ Assist with the month-end closing process, conducting research and making correction journal entries for account discrepancies.
« Prepared closing journal entries, accrual entries, and Assisted the accounting team preparing financial statements.
« Processed by-weekly employee’s travel and expenses reports and created journal entries.
+ Assisted with Sarbanes-Oxley documentation following the proper processes
+ Prepared Month-end journal entries for International clients based on the current exchange rate and converted it to the local currency.
* Kept track of accruals and recorded the income and expenses when transactions were completed,

* Reconciled accrual accounts and followed up on any discrepancies during the month.

Accounts Receivable Coordinator, 04/2015 - 02/2018
Collaborative Solutions ~ Saint Louis, MO

Applied funds received via wire, ACH and checks to customer receipts into QAD MFG/Pro.

‘Was responsible for properly approving cash discount to customers that paid within the credit terms.

Prioritized schedule weekly to contact clients via phone and emailed to collect over 5 days’ open invoices to minimize bad debt expense.

  

 

Reviewed sales orders credit hold and releases base on credit limit and past due invoice which has financial impact on Revenue Recognition
and receivables.
Recommended delinquent Key accounts for bad debt write-offs on a monthly basis
Resolved invalid or unauthorized deductions and followed up on, shortages, damaged, pricing issues, rebates and chargebacks
Resolved EDI issues by following up with customer and EDI administrator to ensure invoices are paid within the credit terms
Emailed customers copy of open item statement and copy of daily invoices ensure timely payment.
Worked with intemational accounts.
Researched and acted on cash application on all open credits older than 30 days on a weekly basis.
Met quarterly individual and team goals for the aging portfolio accounts greater than 60 days past due.
Reviewed and resolves all outstanding account client issues.
Reconciled GL monthly entries and assists with related special projects, as required
Responsible for updating unapplied taking log report on a weekly basis.
Assisted in developing and maintaining procedures to ensure efficient administration of pricing rebates and credit documentation.
Entered data information for the 100 pieces return analysis.

Cash Posting Specialist, 01/2013 - 09/2014
Concentra — Flagstaff, AZ
+ Processed timely all cash/check payments into the TIVA system.
+ Assisted uploading cash files daily to bank and TIVA systems.
* Assisted Accounting Manager with any special projects
+ Andited accounts ensuring the correct disbursements of payments, allocations and contractual budgets.
* Processed adjustments, payment modifications and transfers where appropriate.
+ Performed reports provided by other departments and provided feedback regarding posting issues.
« Processed updated client's data regarding refunds and/or credit balances.
+ Prepared payment batches for future research.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelors of Business Administration: International Business and Trade, 01/2019

Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL

 

Associates of Arts: Accounting, 01/2012
Broward College - Davie, FL

Associates of Arts: Marketing, 01/2015
CENSA - Medellin

Regularly attend continuing education courses to stay current with changing regulations

ACTIVITIES AND Honors:

FAU Accounting Students Association

‘WessITEs, PORTFOLIOS, PROFILES

© wwwilinkedin.conviin/arod09

 

LANGUAGES:

 

Spanish: Englis!
Negotiated: Negotiated: