JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor # (55:

 

5) 432-1000  resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Tam seeking to gain a position where with the use of my experience, skills, and knowledge; I can be a valued asset, and help promote personal

growth and fostering positive outcomes.

SKILLS

 

 

Administrative Support
Data entry

CPRFirst-aid certified

Social skills development

Case Management Child's CPR certified

Curriculum planning

Managing activities
Effectively
Effective listening

Individualized support

work with parents

 

Motor skill development

Lesson planning

Calm and patient

 

EXPERIENCE

‘Home Visit/Family Advocate, 10/2019 - Current

Common Spirit — Gold River, CA

Work daily as a home visitor for expectant mothers, infants and toddlers and their families

Complete documentation of home visits, socialization experiences and other relevant activities

Assist with selecting, developing, and preparing appropriate instructional material for the family.

Conduct developmental screenings and assessments.

Advocate for families as needed, support them in advocating for themselves and referral services.

Case management.

Maintain up to date files and client records in designated client tracking software

Identified children in need of extra support for emotional, health-related or developmental concerns and conceived improvement strategies
‘Taught children foundational skills such as colors, shapes and letters.

Implemented hands-on, play-based strategies such as games and crafts for experiential learning.

Collaborated with parents to develop and maintain strong support networks and build rapport to foster seamless communication.
Promoted good behaviors by using positive reinforcement methods

Developed appropriate youth curriculum in alignment with cultural and developmental needs

Managed schedule of group activities, and special events.

Recreational Therapist/Social Services Assistant, 08/2016 - 09/2019
Nadap Nys Inc. — New York, NY

 

Assist with activities of daily living

Help to develop and implement exercise routines for residents.

Assist and plan trips/ activities with residents.

Schedule appointments and other administrative duties as needed,

Maintain a clean environment for residents

Assist with use of medical equipment, supplies and devices as needed.

Exhibit patience and understand when dealing with residents needs.

Assess residents for memory and mood assessments.

Make referrals to the proper agencies.

Planned therapeutic and recreation activities aligned with abilities, interests and therapy objectives.
Coordinated care with patients' family members and caregivers while communicating short and long-range goals.
Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations

Created new programs that resulted in increasing productivity and consumer satisfaction

Certified Home Health Aide, 10/2012 - 06/2013

Key

 

 

 

Recepti

Home Care — City, STATE

Assisted with patient care and monitoring.

Prepared meals.

Assisted with personal hygiene and bathing.

Assisted with use of medical equipment, supplies and devices.

Exhibited patience and understanding when dealing with patient needs.

Dressed, groomed and fed patients with limited physical abilities to support basic needs.
Developed strong and trusting rapport with patients for smooth, quality care.

Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.

Helped transition patient between bed, wheelchair and automobile to provide safe mobility support.
Planned optimal meals based on established nutritional plans.

Ran errands for clients and drove to appointments to maintain wellness and support daily living needs.
Aided with mobility and independence for disabled individuals and continually monitored safety.

 

ist/Secretary, 02/2011 - 07/2012

 

Plainfield Senior Citizen Service Center — City, STATE

 

Appointment scheduling

Data entry and analysis.

Answered and directed incoming calls using multi-line telephone system.

Delivered administrative support to team members, including making copies, sending faxes, organizing documents and rearranging
schedules.

Scheduled and confirmed appointments.

Maintained daily calendars, set appointments with clients and planned daily office events.

Sorted incoming mail and directed to correct personnel each day.

Provided clerical support to all team members to improve office efficiency and enhance productivity.

Directed and oversaw daily activities of office personnel.

Greeted customers, answered general questions and directed to appropriate locations.

—,J7Jq]]}]]]]}]}f,——.. Epucarion ap TRagpG_ I

Associate of Science: Social Services, 05/2019
Union County College - Cranford, NI

CHHA Homemaker License: 02/2012
Bradford Institute - Elizabeth, New Jersey

Medical Assistant Diploma: 04/2007
Drake College of Business - Elizabeth, New Jersey

Medical code and billing
Medical terminology
EKG

High School Diploma: 06/2006
Plainfield High School - Plainfield, NI