JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Dynamic Coordinator of Fine Arts Programs with demonstrated capabilities in leadership, advocacy, organization, and inspiration. Committed
to Fine Arts Education as a part of the whole education process of the child.

Semis

 

« Has the interpersonal skills necessary to be a leader that others.» Has above average communication skills and experience speaking

will follow. to groups and the media
« Has a vision for Fine Arts at the district, community, and state» Has a working knowledge of computer programs such as
levels and beyond, Microsoft Word, Publisher, and Excel and is fluent in the software
« Has the ability to advocate for the Arts as an essential part of programs: Skyward Finance, Skyward Student, and Skyward
every child's education. Employee.
« Has the drive to effectively communicate the message that all Arts © Is an accomplished musician and is an avid consumer of all other
programs must possess and strive towards excellence both in areas of the Arts
product and in process. * Has a working knowledge of sound & lighting processes and
equipment useful to Fine Arts.
Worx History

 

06/2015 to Current Fine Arts Coordinator
Alamogordo Public Schools — Alamogordo, NM

+ Successfully led a staff of 23 certified Fine Arts teachers by maintaining program strength through providing
professional development opportunities, encouraging cooperation among the Arts disciplines within the district,
and expecting excellence in all levels of Fine Arts performances throughout the district, K-12.

+ Assisted in the search for new Fine Arts staff through a variety of avenues, including professional Arts
organizations, colleagues throughout the state, and through FA departments at universities while working with
principals and the district HR department.

* Oversaw and advised Performing Arts directors in regards to out of state performance tour planning, public
relations, programming, and outreach into the community through the Arts.

‘* Designed digital Fine Arts lesson plan templates to address the needs of the FA teachers and meet the standards set
forth by the State.

‘© Was appointed to the Marshall City Commission's Advisory Committee for the renovation of the historic
downtown auditorium "Memorial City Hall" built in the 1920s.

06/2000 to 05/2015 Head Choral Director and Department Head
South Carolina Job Board — Cebu Historical

‘ Successfully led the Marshall High School Choir Program for fifteen years.

‘* Led MHS Choirs to excel with 24 Sweepstakes Awards at UIL Competition, 15 All-Staters, and 2 Outstanding
State Performers.

‘+ Led seven out-of-state tours with performing choirs to Washington DC (3), San Francisco (2), New York City
(Carnegie Hall), St. Louis, and one international Choir Tour to the UK (England and Scotland) with performances
at Yorkminster Cathedral (York, England), Shakespeare's Birthplace (Stratford on Avon, England), Oxford
University (Oxford, England), Holyrood Palace & Edinburgh Castle (Edinburgh, Scotland). Ninety-seven students,
parents, and staff traveled to the UK for this magnificent tour, representing Marshall ISD and making an entire city
proud

‘© Grew the MHS Choir program from 3 choirs (89 students) in 2000 to 5 choirs (170 students) in 2015.

‘© MHS Varsity Choral eamed the GOLD PRIZE at the San Francisco Choral Festival 2009

‘* Represented the school district throughout the community with annual performances at the local art museum,
hospital, annual civic celebrations, larger performances with combined area choirs on the ETBU campus and the
‘Marshall Civic Center (such as the 10-year 911 anniversary concert on Sept 11, 2011), the Marshall Regional Arts
Council, and the Marshall Symphony League.

‘+ MHS Madrigal Singers (a Renaissance costumed choral ensemble) performed at State functions related to the
Daughters of the American Revolution, civic functions related to local organizations such as Rotary Club,
representing MISD on a broad and local scope.

‘* MHS Choirs also supported and participated school organizations and events outside the Fine Arts department such
as providing soloists for football, baseball, and basketball games, performing for Veterans Day Assemblies, and
entering 2 teams in the FFA Dodgeball Tournament (coming in 3rd in 2014).

06/1994 to 05/2000 Music Teacher, K-4
South Carolina Job Board — Greenwood

‘© Taught K-4 music classes daily, was responsible for providing programs for PTA, Christmas, and other holiday
celebrations

« Partnered with the PE teacher to lead the efforts for many school-wide initiatives such as Black History and Cingo
de Mayo celebrations, canned food drives, Coats for Kids, and other similar activities.

‘* Assisted the principal with making the master schedule each August.

‘* Began a school choir that met weekly and traveled locally, representing the school and performing for civic groups
and local celebrations.

11/1987 to 05/1994 Music & Art Teacher
South Carolina Job Board — Bennettsville, SC
‘* Taught music and art for grades 1-6, managed the school's Student Council, Yearbook, and fundraisers.
‘* Provided programs for Friends of Trinity (PTA), chapel, Grandparent's Day, and Christmas.

06/1981 to 05/1987 Music Teacher
Pulaski County Special School District — City, STATE,
* Southside Junior High Choir (1981-1984)
* Pinewood Elementary (1984-1987)
‘* Murrell Taylor Elementary and Amold Drive Elementary also shared with Pinewood Elementary over the years at
Jacksonville.

06/1980 to 05/1981 Music Teacher
Azle Independent School District — City, STATE.
‘© Taught music Pre-K-4. (Provided the usual events and programs.)

07/1978 to 05/1980 Music Teacher
Ft. Worth Independent School District — City
* Taught music K and 5-6. Inner city school presented many opportunities for this first/second year teacher to learn
much about diversity, poverty, school violence, and neighborhood blight.
‘© Attempted to provide music programs for an almost non-existent PTA, and presented the first Christmas program at
the school in more than a decade.

 

 

Epucation

1998 Master of Music, Kodaly Pedagogy: Music Education in the field of Kodaly Specialization
Sam Houston State University - Huntsville, Texas

1978 Bachelor of Music Education: Piano Major, Voice Minor
Ouachita Baptist University - Arkadelphia, Arkansas

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 

« Recipient of the "Above and Beyond" Award by the Marshall ISD School Board, 2013
«© UIL Sponsor Excellence Award presented by the University Interscholastic League, 2008

‘« Honorary Lifetime Membership in Texas Congress of Parents and Teachers for "Distinguished Service to Children and Youth", 2008
‘* Marshall Independent School District Teacher of the Year, 1997

AFFILIATIONS:

 

© Texas Music Administrators Conference
© Texas Music Educators Association

(CERTIFICATIONS

 

Texas Teaching Certificate in Music K-12, lifetime status
‘+ Endorsement by the Organization of American Kodaly Educators in all-level Kodaly Instruction,
+ Arkansas Teaching Certificate in Music K-12, lifetime status