JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Determined and goal-orientated SAP Finance Consultant with +6 years of experience in customizing, testing, implementing, end user training
and support of SAP Finance module

 

SKILLS
PROFESIONAL DEVELOPMENT: Skills:
Consultor SAP FI Certified - 2009 Tools:
ITIL Foundations V3 Certified - 2010 ‘Visual Basic (Basico)
Microsoft Excel Basic - 2012 FI-GL, AA, AP. AR
Microsoft Excel Advanced - 2012 FI
ITIL Methodology Training - 2016 ‘Work based on objectives, Rapid Adaptation to Change, High
Customer Services - 2016 Performance in Work under pressure, Rapid learning of IT tools or
ERP: processes, Adaptation and Integration on Teamwork, Leadership.
SAP FIECC 6.0, SIRAX Office: Word, Excel, Power Point, Dash (Ticketing tool), Tivoli (Job
S4 HANA - Fiori monitoring)
Presales: ERP:
Solution design SAP and Non SAP. SAP FIECC 6.0
Technologies SAP R/3: S4 HANA - Fiori
Reports, LSMW for data migration. Sirax Revenue Accounting
Programming Languages Reports
Functional areas: Batch input sesions
SAP Certifications: IOC's

LSMW and Migration Cockpit or data migration.
‘Work based on objectives, Rapid Adaptation to Change, High
Performance in Work under pressure, Rapid learning of IT tools or
processes, Adaptation and Integration on Teamwork, Leadership
Office: Word, Excel, Power Point, Dash (Ticketing tool), Tivoli (Job

monitoring

 

EXPERIENCE

SAP Finance Consultant, 05/2019 - Current
Softtek — City, STATE
SAP Finance Consultant for Southwest Airlines.
Second Level Support
Incident, Problem and Request Management related to SAP FI, HCM, Marvkview and Workday systems.
Update ticketing tool (Dash) for all user request.
Create and update files for Knowledge Database
Incident and Problem escalation with other vendors
Keep posted user on any update regarding the issue he/she reports
Job Monitoring on Tivoli (reactive and proactive)
SLA follow up
Business communication

Meetings participation

Sirax Consultant, 07/2019 - 10/2019
Softtek — City, STATE
Second Level Support
Incident, Problem and Request Management related to Sirax
Update ticketing tool (Dash) for all user request.
Create and update files for Knowledge Database
Incident and Problem escalation with other vendors
Keep poste user on any update regarding the issue he/she reports
Job Monitoring on Tivoli (reactive and proactive)
SLA follow up
Business communication related to Sirax.

Meetings participation

Solution Design (Presales). 05/2016 - 07/2019
‘T-Systems — City, STATE
Review the technical and functional requirements with the user (RFI, REP, etc)
Graphic and functional solution design. (Application and Services Management — SAP, Non SAP Uperade, Rollout, Templates, New
implementations)
Identify the best solution for the customer: quality, time and cost
Creation of technical proposals (Word format)
Creation of economic proposals: generation of prices.
Creation of corporate / executive presentations (services, solutions, proposals)
Request quotes from suppliers / partners.
Coordination with the different areas involved.
Support to the commercial team to qualify the account.
Alignment the proposal to the methodologies and best practices of IT services
Design and solution of tenders for SAP and non SAP applications
Development and updating templates for designing and solving proposals and generating prices.
‘Validation of proposals with operational areas.
Submission of proposals to the operational area
First level support to the commercial area to show the capabilities of the company.

Definition of Annual Strategy for the Area of

Solution Design.
Understanding the requirements of customers (Private Initiative - Automotive, Manufacturing, Pharmaceutical, Service and Public Sector
based on the Federal Government Procurement Law)
Conceptual design of solutions.
Presentation and validation of requirements
Perform risk analysis (REM)
Costing solutions (Meeting the gross profit / EBIT parameters marked both locally and the corporate guidelines of Germany)
Management of T-Cal V2 — Pricing tool for DeutscheTelekom Group
Presentation and Approval with the Local BOARD and in the cases that require it with Germany BOARD.
Collaborate to meet the sales goals of the area
Participation in audits to obtain both RUN SAP and CMMI Level 3 certifications.

SAP FI Consultant, 07/2009 - 10/2009
‘T-Systems — City, STATE

Leader for AA SAP submodule

Customizing and adaptation for Magna Cosma template in Estampados industry.

Document all the Project.

‘Training for Magna Cosma users.

Support for small projects development for VWM

Customizing in SAP FI

Functional specification

Document all the project

Support during the implementation for Asset Management for Volkswagen 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

BBA: Business Administration, 06/2007
‘Benemérita Universidad Auténoma De Puebla - Puebla - 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor

LANGUAGES:

 

 

Spanish: Eng
Negotiated: Negotiated: