Robert Smith Pane (23) 4867899

Email Infoguvikresume,com

Website : won quikrestime, com
General Manager Of Operations Lnkedin: linkedin. com/quikresurne

‘Address; 1737 Marshullle Road, Alabarna

 

SUMMARY

Over twenty years in Supply Chain Management. Promoted to higher levels of responsibility with
fan exernplary record of reducing costs while contiruing to build cognitive teams and
Infrastructure, Have operational turn around experience,

SKILLS

Inventory Management, Department Managernent, General Management, District Management;
WORK EXPERIENCE

General Manager Of Operations
DA Specialty Foods - May 2013- 2020,
+ Oversaw the entire production staf
+ Responsible for Customer service via telephone, internet amp: face to face, operating
multiline phone systern, scheduling custorner appointment.
Able to boost sales fromthe priar year by 25% by avidly booking each custamer that called
for an estimate
Able to sort incorning trucks/dumpsters into recyclable bins, resale tems, construction waste,
{and household trash &arnp; eliminate uneeded labor hours.
Successfully transitioned frorn office manager to recycling manager to general laborer to
‘accountant at alltimes ofthe day.
Responsible for each aspect of finding, preparing, and opening the retail space.
Responsible for 325 personnel including sales services, warehousing, astibution and
logistics, procurement and customer service tearns.

General Manager Of Operations
Delta Corporation - 2012-2013
* Current General Manager for Bakers Square Managed several restaurants in over 17-year
history with company Responsible for maintaining guest
The trick to delegation is following up,
+ Itholds everyone accountable
fBulld and retain quolity team members Build bench strength. Last 4 General Managers were
fromm my locetion.
Prepare and maintain profit and loss statements, budgets and targets, food and labor costs
Ensure compliance with brand and industry standards
Interview, hire, train, schedule and terminate employees Ensure compliance with liquor
licensing laws as weil as local governing law enforcement
Abrarsfiamp; Northwest hy.

EDUCATION

BS in Sciences and Management Information Systerns-1992(George Mason University = Faltfax,
va)

(0 This Fra Resume Tablas the copyright of Qwakesume com. Usago Guida