JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

‘Versatile Special Education paraeducator with focus on individual student needs across academia and emotional development. Empathetic and
accommodating in design and implementation of hands-on lessons, catering to diverse learning abilities. Proficient in employing constant
communication, patience and positive reinforcement in team efforts to deliver exceptional educational tools, fostering academic achievement.
Equipped with positive attitude and patience vital to teaching children with special needs. Extensive experience creating innovative lesson plans
and comfortable learning environments. Coordinate well with classroom teachers with supportive strategies for behavior management and
lesson accommodations for students.

Successful at working with students from diverse backgrounds. Combines real-life experience with certified hours of student teaching

experience to provide engaging and interactive leaning environment.

ACHIEVEMENTS

Passionate and effective educator with experience helping students to improve their language vocabulary, science, math, social studies, reading

 

comprehension & writing.
SKILLS
* Lesson Modification * Reinforce lessons by reviewing material one-on-one and in small
* Differentiation Techniques groups

* Language Building Activities

‘Work History

Special Education Instructional Aide, 09/2000 - Current
Kipp Houston Public Schools — Dallas, TX

 

Assisted teachers and worked individually with students with special needs, helping each navigate education system,

* Monitored classroom to observe students’ progress in developing skills as well as manage distracting or inappropriate behavior.

* Documented behaviors, implemented interventions and treatment results.
Collaborated with teachers to help with classroom and workload management.

* Verified classroom operations and curriculum complied with district's IEP standards.

* Developed and managed instructional materials and reports

* Maintained positive attitude and affirmatively communicated with each student.

+ Supported teacher in development of individual learning strategies.

* Offered student support through special accommodations, extra assistance and assessments.

* Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning needs while carrying out IEP
goals.

* Ready students for lifelong success by offering rich educational experience in engaged environment

* Provide instructional, behavioral, and other support to students and peers, in and outside of classroom.

+ Support students to become independent leamers so students no longer need individualized attention.

* Collaborated with teacher to create customized classroom environment integral to students’ needs.

* Oversaw class of students in absence of instructor.

+ Communicated with teachers and other district personnel to assist in evaluating progress and implementing IEP objectives.

* Responded to emergency situations to resolve immediate safety concems or direct appropriate personnel for resolution.

Summer & After School Camp, 03/2015 - Current
Kipp Houston Public Schools — Austin, TX
« Private Business wwwaartandsoulpa.com
* Teaching Art, Mindfulness, Yoga & Cooking to adults and children
* After School Enrichment program with PAUSD and Private Summer Camps
«Improve observational skills, develop drawing, painting and sculptural techniques
* Teaching scriptwriting, creating & voice-over puppet show production along
© Visual Art & Multicultural Culinary skills incorporating mindfulness.
* Used Microsoft Word and other software tools to create documents and other communications
+ Maintained fun, leamning-focused atmosphere by smoothly handling conflicts and developing culture centered around collaboration and
personal responsibility
«Supervised camper and team safety by issuing clear directives for ideal behaviors and required monitoring strategies
+ Recruited, trained and managed team of 6 instructors
+ Built and deepened positive relationships with parents and after school staff.
« Handled administrative and business management needs for busy camp with as many as 25 children in attendance each summer season
* Oversaw team of counselors and support team members
+ Promoted camp across Bay Area and foreign students, skillfully coordinating social media, print ads and website content
+ Assigned work to staff, set schedules and motivated strong performance in key areas
« Administered First Aid and CPR to participants in distress
* Oversaw personal and professional calendars and coordinated appointments for future events

Special Education Instructional Aide, 06/2000 - 03/2007
Alum Rock School District — City, STATE
+ Assisted teachers and worked individually with students with special needs, helping each navigate education system.
* Documented behaviors, implemented interventions and treatment results.
Collaborated with teachers to help with classroom and workload management.
+ Supported teacher in development of individual learning strategies.
Offered student support through special accommodations, extra assistance and assessments.
* Provide instructional, behavioral, and other support to students and peers, in and outside of classroom.
+ Support students to become independent leamers so students no longer need individualized attention.
* Responded to emergency situations to resolve immediate safety concems or direct appropriate personnel for resolutions
* Collaborated with teacher to create customized classroom environment integral to students’ needs
* Alerted instructor to student behavior or issues requiring intervention
« Interacted physically and verbally with students throughout each day

 

EpucaTion

Diploma of Higher Education (DipHE): Level 5 Diploma/ Diploma of Higher Education,, 11/2021

‘TEFL Academy - United Kingdom, UK

Level 5 TEFL course, 168hr TEFL Diploma. Teaching English to all age groups.

Diploma of Higher Education (DipHE), a foundation degree, CELTA (Certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages) and
Trinity CertTESOL (Certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages) qualifications

Teaching Business English students conduct or would like to conduct business with English-speaking companies or who use English as a shared
language with companies outside the Anglosphere.

MEE Certificate: Mindful Teacher, 01/2016
Mindful School - Oakland, CA
Training in Mindfulness in classroom, K-12
© Creating a safe place for our kids to leam might begin with creating some space for them to breathe.
* Mindfulness skills improve memory, organizational skills, reading and math scores, all while giving kids the tools they need to handle toxic

stress

Certificate: Education, 03/2015
CBEST - California
Passed CBEST with proficiency in reading, writing, comprehension & math.

Computer Graphics: Graphic Design, 09/2005
San Jose City College - San Jose, CA

Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and In design

Bachelor of Arts: Commercial Art, 05/1985
South Delhi Polytechnic - Delhi, India
Diploma in Design, Typography, Illustration, English, Drawing & Sketching

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

* Conducted language surveys to determine the needs of the students. Placed students in programs that best suited their needs and skills
Implemented lessons that consisted of skill-building techniques for reading, writing, listening, and speaking. Fostered small group and
individual lessons. Guiding through with the help of best techniques and strategies for mainstream learning.

+ Bringing forth several years of experience, combined with a passion for serving as an effective educator and helping students to achieve
success and provide instruction that met the needs of all students. Facilitate social interaction among students.

* Designed lessons for individual leamers based on their current skill-set and needs.

* Worked independently with peers to promote teaching techniques. Created and fostered a trusting atmosphere where students felt
comfortable and supported

LANGUAGES:

 

 

Hindi: Punjal
Negotiated: Negotiated:

WessITE, PORTFOLIO, PROFILES

+ wwwartandsoulpa.com