JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Summary

 

Innovative Customer Service Manager who effectively executes process changes to improve operational efficiency. Dedicated to providing

excellent customer service and making operational and procedural improvements.

Hicuuicsats

 

 

Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft

Access, Microsoft Power Point, Management, Payroll,
Staffing/Scheduling

Strategic Management,

Lotus Notes, Hogan, Lease Master, ALS, CPI, CACS, HIS, 10-

Client relations specialist
Conflict resolution techniques
Team management

‘Management of remote employees
Focused on customer satisfaction

key, Skilled multi-tasker
Training and development
* Scheduling
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 

Developing Leaders - Management Training Program.

Reduced staff turnover by 20% in one year by implementing several well-received team and morale-building programs.

EXPERIENCE

 

09/2007 to Current CONSUMER BANKING DEFAULT MANAGEMENT SUPERVISOR
Dish Network Corporation — Bellingham, WA

‘© Supervising a team of up to 7 - 10 collectors in a proactive and caring way to achieve the delinquency targets
provided by upper management.

‘+ Managed daily operations, dealt with customers and supported and worked with the management to motivate
growth.

‘© Working with the CBDM team to understand and proactively supervise the daily and weekly performance data that
is provided to me.

‘© Work closely with upper management to implement efficiency improvement ideas and process improvement
initiatives.

‘© Assist the Auto Dialer Team in managing and measuring call handling within collections to ensure efficiency of
call volume and maintenance if queues.

‘© Manage the incentive plan with my team and provide spot incentives as a motivational tool.

‘* Listen, document and disperse call recordings for Quality Assurance & training purposes.

‘* Monitored progress against strategic objectives Daily coaching of employees in customer service skills, assist them
in using effective communication and listening skills to improve customer satisfaction.

+ Conduct employee performance evaluations and be a means of support and encouragement for my team members,
on a quarterly basis.

‘© Guaranteed fulfillment of company policies and procedures.

‘© Worked with other managers, team leaders and directors utilizing different organizational development tools and
systems to provide coaching on issues related to change management.

+ Coordinated efforts with other departments to meet customers’ expectations.

* Coordinated communications and briefings for new employees

‘© Manage and oversee weekly time card issues, approve OT, check for tardiness, ensure proper HR procedures are
being followed by employees.

«Interviewed, hired and trained new quality Account Resolution Specialists

+ Provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management,

+ Addressed negative customer feedback immediately, conflict resolution and resolved customer questions, issues
and complaints.

‘* Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.

05/2006 to 04/2007 OPERATIONS MANAGER
Brambles — Modesto, CA
‘+ Managed the creation, development and implementation of ticketing solutions for both existing and potential
clients through a proprietary ticketing system.
Successfully managed the activities of 32 team members in multiple locations.

Interviewed, hired, trained and managed new quality ticket office personnel for new and existing clients.
Responsible for implementation of anti-fraud security protocols on all ticket stock and Point of Sale terminals.
Improved service quality and increased sales by developing a strong knowledge of company's products and
services.

Supplied technical support to client ticketing locations.

‘© Worked with client accounting & marketing departments to custom tailor reports to their needs.

«* Provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management,

‘© Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.

10/2003 to 05/2006 OPERATIONS SUPERVISOR
Dish Network Corporation — Benicia, CA

‘© Manage the daily operations of two showrooms, two ticket offices and one call center.

‘© Oversee customer inquiries, conflict resolutions and analyzing department productivity & efficiency.

‘* Developed, implemented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction and manage on-site customer
service representatives.

‘Interviewed, hired and trained new quality ticket office representatives.

* Reconcile ticket sales with cash deposits and prepares reports or financial settlements regarding ticket office
activities and events

* Provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management,

* Developed and implemented policies, procedures and process improvement initiatives to improve retention rates
and increase customer satisfaction.

01/2003 to 10/2003 TICKETING OPERATIONS MANAGER
Orleans Arena — City, STATE

Successfully managed the activities of 15 team members in 12 station ticket office.

‘* Developed and maintained relationships with third party ticket brokers, generated off property ticket sales from
major Las Vegas strip properties, managed ticket office personnel, supervised the setup of events proprietary
ticketing system,

+ Implemented & maintained anti-fraud security protocols on all ticket stock and Point of Sale locations.

‘* Review or perform balancing, depositing and reporting of daily ticket office receipts, as required.

‘* Establish and review operational policies and procedures for ticket office operations.

‘* Create and distribute ticket office sales reports.

‘* Developed, implemented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction.

‘Interviewed, hired and trained new quality ticket office representatives.

« Provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management,

+ Addressed negative customer feedback immediately and resolved customer questions, issues and complaints.

‘* Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.

05/2000 to 01/2003 OPERATIONS MANAGER,
Suncoast Hotel & Casino — City, STATE

‘Manage and supervise Ticket Office Staff in conjunction with Ticket Office Supervisor.

‘* Developed and maintained relationships with entertainers and their management.

‘* Assist in the creation and management of the annual department budget.

+ Act as chief liaison for vendors, customer service inquiries and escalated customer issues.

‘* Build and maintain events on the proprietary ticking system as assigned.

‘* Review or perform balancing, depositing and reporting of daily ticket office receipts, as required.

‘* Represent the department at weekly company management meetings and other meetings as.

‘= necessary, in the absence of the Director of Entertainment.

‘* Assist in the development of an effective and efficient box office staff by hiring qualified workers, providing
appropriate supervision, enforcing operational policies and procedures published in a box office operations manual,
and evaluating work performances.

‘© Responsible for contract procurement and fulfillment for preforming entertainers in a timely matter and with
utmost courtesy.

07/1998 to 05/2000 TICKET OFFICE OPERATIONS MANAGER
Gold Coast Hotel & Casino — City, STATE

‘© Duties included managing and assisting the daily operations of the multi-station ¢ ticket office for all incoming
phone orders for ticket sales, customer inquiries, and complaints

+ Facilities creation in Pass? ticketing system to accommodate upcoming.

‘= events in showroom, ballroom, and banquet space.

+ Act as chief liaison for vendors, customer service inquisies and escalated customer issues.

‘* Assuring positive customer experience by training representatives in customer service techniques, monitoring the
performance of staff, complying with customer requests to the extent possible, and solving problems quickly and to
the satisfaction of the customer.

Epucation

 

Bachelor of Science: Finance

‘University of Nevada, Las Vegas - Las Vegas, NV

 

Semis

 

10-key, accounting, budget, BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION, c, call center, cash deposits, change management, coaching, com, CPI, client,
clients, customer satisfaction, customer service, customer service skills, database, financial, hiring, Hogan, HR, listening, Lotus Notes,
Director, Managing, marketing, meetings, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Office, Microsoft Power Point, SharePoint, Microsoft Word,
next, Organizational Development, Payroll, personnel, policies, process improvement, procurement, progress, protocols, Quality Assurance,
recruiting, reporting, sales, sales reports, Scheduling, settlements, Staffing, strategic, Strategic Management, Supervisor, Supervising,
supervision, technical support, phone, Transportation