JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Summary

 

Organized and detail-oriented banker/teller with 5 years of cash handling and customer service experience. Proven expertise in general
accounting and finance concepts. Astute Teller adept at providing well-rounded customer service with strong communication skills, sales

experience and deep knowledge of banking industry.

Semis

 

Risk management evaluation background
« Strong sense of banking ethics
* Currency and coin counter

« Excellent communication skills
«Safe and vault operation

# Exceptional customer service
© Supervision

* Debt and credit management

* Call center experience

* Critical thinking

« Friendly, positive attitude

* Data management

EXPERIENCE

Documentation skills

Issue and conflict resolution
Superior computer skills
Customer Service

Focused on customer satisfaction
ATM troubleshooting, analysis, and maintenance
Safe food handling

Quality control

Trained in icing techniques
Supervisory experience
Proficient in cake decorating
Sanitation

 

11/2020 to Current 24-Hour Banking Contact Center Personal Banker

C&F Bank - Cumberland, VA

‘* Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.
‘ Offered every customer exceptional service levels by remaining friendly and professional during every transaction,

‘* Helped customers open and close accounts, apply

 

 

for loans and make sound financial decisions

+ Adhered to strict guidelines regarding financial and customer data to avoid breaches and information misuse.
‘Increased knowledge of banking products and services by actively participating in available training classes and

workshops offered to employees.

+ Verified amounts and integrity of every check or funds transfer.
‘* Acted as pivotal point of contact between bank branches regarding guidelines and practices.

+ Served approximately over 100 customers each shift, remaining composed and professional even in hig!

situations.

06/2016 to 11/2020 Teller
Winco Foods ~ Independence, OR

 

‘© Maintained optimal financial controls by securing funds and making accurate transactions.

‘© Reported daily averages and shortages to operations department.

‘* Adhered to financial services security and audit procedures

‘* Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.

‘© Supplied tellers with coin and currency as needed.

«Increased knowledge of banking products and services by actively participating in available training classes and

workshops offered to employees.

‘© Warmly welcomed customers and offered pleasant service during entire transaction, which improved satisfaction

ratings.

‘* Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service.
* Conducted special service and account transactions for customers, including ordering checks and placing stop

payment orders.

‘= Processed all sales transactions accurately and promptly to prevent long customer wait times.
‘* Received regional branch recognition award for outstanding customer service.

‘© Managed opening and closing times for main branch.

‘* Verified amounts and integrity of every check or funds transfer.

‘© Trained employees on cash drawer operation.

‘* Maintained accurate teller drawer using to handle all customer bank transactions.

© Processed cash withdrawals

‘+ Adhered to strict guidelines regarding financial and customer data to avoid breaches and information misuse.

‘* Examined checks for identification and endorsement.

‘© Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.

* Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with zero error rate.

‘* Offered every customer exceptional service levels by remaining friendly and professional during every transaction,
+ Directed specific questions to appropriate branch personnel.

‘* Recommended additional products, services and benefits for customers.

‘* Acted as pivotal point of contact between bank branches regarding guidelines and practices.

+ Fulfilled diverse duties to provide customer service, operate money counters, balance and replenish ATMs,

‘maintain accounts and open new accounts.

03/2008 to 04/2016 Bakery Department Manager
Walmart — City, STATE

* Checked freshness of all bakery goods and food in bakery, removing and disposing of stale or outdated items.

‘* Decorated cakes and pastries, baked breads, tarts and pies and created specialty desserts

‘© Minimized cross-contamination and infection risks by consistently following safe food handling procedures.

+ Implemented and executed merchandising programs to maintain and increase sales.

‘* Scheduled employees to keep all bakery shifts well-staffed for peak times and holidays.

+ Ordered merchandise with accuracy by verifying back stock and maintaining inventories

* Displayed freshly baked items, including cupcakes, cookies and cinnamon rolls on counters and tables to entice

passersby to visit and make purchases at bakery.

‘* Maintained detailed and accurate accounting records by overseeing documentation of sales, purchases and

requisitions.

‘© Taught junior employees how to meet operational and sales goals with proactive strategies.
* Conducted department walkthroughs to assess and remedy factors such as cleanliness, inadequate stock levels and

poor merchandising

‘* Organized and updated schedules to optimize coverage for expected customer demands.
+ Streamlined operations and improved employee focus and productivity by prioritizing tasks prior to start of each

shift

‘* Responded to customer inquiries and delivered appropriate information after carefully researching issues
‘ Supervised successful, well-supplied and highly organized establishment thanks to consistent oversight and regular

cleanliness inspections.

+ Collaborated with all company departments to ensure cohesive branding and strategic product placement.

‘© Researched out-of-stock items to find additional inventory in other store locations.

‘© Worked one-on-one with employees to motivate while delivering constructive criticism in busy, retail environment.
‘© Hired, trained, supervised and motivated team of [Number] retail professionals to provide knowledgeable and fast

service to every guest.

‘* Increased sales on consistent basis by developing and maintaining key customer relationships.

‘* Reviewed sales reports to enhance sales performance and improve inventory management accuracy.

* Conducted job interviews, led employee performance evaluations with constructive feedback and rewarded top
sales performers to attract and retain top-quality personnel.

‘Increased sales on consistent basis by developing key customer relationships.

‘* Oversaw entire stock management process, including receiving incoming merchandise, shelf replenishment and

shrinkage control.

* Reviewed inventory and sales records, tracked trends and reported on activities to senior management for use in

key decision making

‘© Mentored employees and instructed on management of complicated sales, complex issues and difficult customers.

Epucation Np TRAINING

 

Practical Nursing
‘Mingo County Vocational-Technical Center - Delbarton, WV

06/2007 CNA License : Nursing

‘Mingo County Vocational-Technical Center - Delbarton, WV

06/2007 High School Diploma
Matewan High School - Matewan, WV