SUMMARY
Jessica Claire
100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor (555) 432-1000 ◄ resumesample@example.com
Proven business professional with extensive experience in providing compliance, control, risk management, administrative, managerial and operational guidance for the financial services industry including mortgage banking, auto finance and student loans. Fully knowledgeable of federal and state regulations with vast experience in monitoring, testing, design, development and oversight of compliance and control programs for originations, performing servicing, default servicing and private label operations. Comprehensive training in Paralegal Studies with an advanced focus on Real Estate and Business/Corporate Law. Supervised, trained and developed staffs of numerous sizes. Developed strong interpersonal skills, having dealt with a diversity of professionals, clients and staff members. Strong initiative in decision-making and assumption of responsibilities.
SKILLS
•
Regulatory Compliance - Federal and State
Mortgage Lending
Compliance Testing
•
Compliance Monitoring
•
Performing Servicing Operations Default Operations
Operational Risk Management
Compliance Management System
•
Issue Management
•
·
Remediation Plan Development and Oversight
Risk and Controls Self Assessment
Mortgage Servicing
Financial Services
Business Process Improvement
Conflict resolution
Organizational skills
Working collaboratively Team building
EXPERIENCE
SVP - RISK AND COMPLIANCE TESTING Anthem, Inc. | Commack, NY
03/2018 to 11/2021
Responsible for managing a critical and complex testing function within the Risk and Compliance organization with the overall objective to develop, execute and report on a robust Testing Program, and direct complex Risk and Compliance activities to ensure adherence to federal, state and investor regulations/requirements. Crafted and monitored a Risk and Compliance Testing program as part of the overall Compliance Management System.
•
•
•
..
Completed monthly and quarterly performance reports to executive and senior level leaders and board of directors to include testing results and the overall health of the control environment.
Devised utilities needed to streamline and strengthen operations, driving substantial improvement to the Risk and Compliance Testing Program.
Transformed the Risk and Compliance Testing department through several internal consolidations to improve efficiencies across the first and second line of business.
Implemented best practices to strengthen internal control and spearhead proactive change.
Mitigated regulatory risks by strict adherence to federal, state and investor regulations. Represented the Risk and Compliance organization before federal and state regulatory entities/ auditors.
Researched underlying issues, regulatory compliance status and processes to resolve complex business issues and recommend strategic corrective actions.
Communicated regularly with executive and senior level leaders to deliver pertinent details related to high risk issues and determine remediation plans and direction for projects.
Determined performance goals and offered tactics for achieving milestones.
Cultivated and maintained positive working relationships with employees, executives and other stakeholders.
Monitored departmental trend forecasts and adjusted budgets and operational plans to maximize growth and opportunities.
Reduced costs and optimized revenue by executing contract bidding and procurement processes. VFO ORIGINATIONS COMPLIANCE TESTING
Blackhawk Bank | Elgin, IL
04/2015 to 03/2018
Responsible for managing the Compliance Testing function that assists in the identification of weaknesses and correcting regulatory deficiencies in Nationstar Mortgage's control structure with the end goal of a compliant process.
Oversee the annual test plan and completion of individual Compliance Testing activities.
Develop and execute appropriate testing programs/scripts to ensure compliance across all business units.
Perform root cause analysis and ensure accurate and timely implementation of remediation plans. Verify the effectiveness of internal controls to mitigate regulatory, financial, operational and reputational risks.
Conduct walk-throughs of various business functions to provide evidence about the performance of a process or procedure to ensure compliance with state and federal regulations.
Ensure effective integration of new compliance requirements into Compliance Testing activities. Track, evaluate and implement regulatory changes in the annual test plan, as necessary.
Generate monthly reporting to Senior Management highlighting deficiencies as it relates to the design and operating effectiveness of the control environment.
Interface regularly with Business, Legal and Compliance heads to discuss Compliance needs and/or changed regulatory requirements.
Responsible for the training, development and performance reviews of assigned employees.
SVO - REAL ESTATE COMPLIANCE TESTING
03/2013 to 04/2015
CitiMortgage | City, STATE
Responsible for managing the compliance function within the Real Estate business and partnering with other North American Compliance Officers to optimize coverage of shared services
•
Monitoring, testing, design, development and oversight of compliance and control programs.
Ensure senior level compliance and control evaluation activity within the group.
•
Mange the construction of tests of controls.
Evaluate results from testing activities and perform root cause analysis.
Provide recommendations and facilitate the improvement/development of processes and procedures.
Conduct compliance-related monitoring procedures and reviews to ensure all risks are identified,
controls are effective and policies comply with state and federal regulations.
Provide guidance to the business units in assessing and interpreting all new or changed laws,
regulations and corporate policy, to determine impact on processes, procedures, and training.
•
Recommend effective action plans to resolve identified issues.
Lead special projects/initiatives for the compliance function.
VFO AUTO AND STUDENT LOAN COMPLIANCE
01/2012 to 03/2013
JPMorgan Chase | City, STATE
Responsible for compliance management reporting for the Auto and Student Lending businesses, as well as development and maintenance of policies and procedures, and the Compliance Risk Assessment.
•
Maintain Management Reporting (Metrics, Risks Committee, Executive Summaries, etc.)
Interface with Business, Legal and Compliance partners as they develop or enhance policies, procedures and internal controls to satisfy new or changed regulatory requirements.
Ensure appropriate integration of new compliance requirements into policies, processes, internal controls, training programs and system functionality.
•
•
Participate in change management projects to ensure they are well documented as to the compliance risks associated.
Track and evaluate regulatory changes and ensure appropriate impact analysis is documented and associated risks are added to the compliance program (risk assessment database, testing, reporting, training, etc.).
Manage projects as required, including supporting user testing, and post implementation monitoring. VFO OPERATIONAL RISK AND CONTROL 01/2011 to 01/2012
Chase Mortgage | City, STATE
Responsible for reviewing the Servicing and Default business processes by validating compliance to applicable corporate, state and regulatory guidelines as well as internal policies and procedures.
Manage a control design team responsible for the design and maintenance of a robust control strategy. Assist line of business managers in determining risk potential and recommending appropriate mitigating controls.
Work closely with Operational Risk Management and each line of business to administer the Phoenix Risk tracking database.
• Manage the RCSA's to ensure they are kept up to date with accurate risks, controls and relevant action plans.
•
Evaluate the RCSA's to ensure they are risk rated and validated on a predetermined schedule.
Ensure business processes are adhering to all corporate, state and regulatory guidelines as well as applicable policies and procedures.
Provide timely reporting of control validation and testing results.
Initiate projects for controls that need process improvement and pursue remediation efforts to achieve cost savings and improved efficiencies.
BLOINESS CONTROL DIRECTOR - OPERATIONS CONTROL
CitiMortgage | City, STATE
01/2007 to 01/2011
Responsible for the management of Operations Control Services for assigned areas in accordance with the Real Estate and Auto Lending organizational structure.
• Maintain proactive communication with Senior Management including identification and escalation of control issues.
• Manage regulatory and Audit liaison activities in cooperation with the Audit/Examinations group.
Manage Control Self-Assessment (CSA) evaluations of new products and/or services assuring
compliance with applicable policies and procedures.
•
Manage the review and approval of new, revised or deletion of CSAS.
Provide Risk and Control Self Assessment (RCSA) training including participation tracking and client feedback.
Manage the quarterly RCSA Self-Assessment and BRCC processes including the identification and escalation of MBIs and BIs.
Monthly tracking and reporting of all issues to assure timely and appropriate resolution and provide timely escalation of item requiring re-target to assure required approvals are obtained.
• Manage completion of RCSA Reviews in accordance with BRC standards.
Assure appropriate relevance, accuracy and consistency of all CSAS and CAPS maintained in ACCESS. Provide the BRC Director a monthly report that includes all RCSA, related work completed, project
status updates and an Issues Status Summary.
Conduct control reviews as directed by management.
CCOMPLIANCE DIRECTOR
CitiMortgage | City, STATE
01/2005 to 01/2007
Manage the online self-assessment and corrective action tracking system (ACCESS) and various support functions for the Consumer Lending Group. Lead a team of four system administrators.
Prepare extensive RCSA reporting for the CLG BRC Directors for utilization in various Control meetings.
• Generate monthly regulatory and financial reporting for SOX, Compliance, and Reg. AB business executives.
•
Plan and execute timely User Acceptance Testing of problem ticket fixes, planned enhancements, and releases of the Automated Compliance and Control electronic Self-Assessment System (ACCESS). Actively participate in the ACCESS Steering Committee for the Consumer Lending Group. Manage the day-to-day operations for system entitlement, test process, and hierarchy maintenance on the ACCESS tool.
Provide on-going training on the ACCESS tool for approximately 2,000 users.
Oversee the Outsourced Offshore Vendors for the Consumer Lending Group for adherence to various regulations and corporate policies.
SECIOR OPERATIONS AUDIT MANAGER
01/2004 to 01/2005
CitiFinancial Mortgage | City, STATE
Manage the Risk and Control Self Assessment (RCSA) program and various support functions for CitiFinancial Mortgage Company Inc. Lead a team of eight Risk and Control Officers.
•
•
Implemented and monitored the RCSA program to accurately identify all inherent risks, document related controls and develop comprehensive test plans to verify the controls are working as intended. Prepared RCSA reporting for Executive Committee (comprised of the president and his one-downs) to discuss the issues facing the company and confirm adequate corrective action is in place.
Lead detailed validations/audits to promote a sound control environment.
.
Participated in peer reviews to assist other businesses and gain best practices.
Oversaw the Outsourced Offshore Vendors to ensure compliance with US Regulations and Citigroup
Policies.
Managed the Continuity of Business program for CFMC.
OFORATIONS RESEARCH MANAGER
01/2000 to 01/2004
CitiFinancial Mortgage | City, STATE
Lead a team of supervisors to direct and oversee all aspects of the organization's customer service polices
objectives and initiatives.
•
Managed the day-to-day activities of the CFMC Research Services Department consisting of 70 employees and a budget of $3.6 million.
•
Implemented strategies to streamline processes, improve customer and employee satisfaction, and reduce unit cost.
Developed polices and procedures governing customer correspondence and the handling of customer
complaints.
Established goals and objectives, communicated results, managed monthly financials and adjusted
staffing to meet volume and service level goals.
•
Introduced a new Quality Assurance program to effectively measure employee performance and
improve the customer's experience.
• Initiated detailed reporting in order to provide statistical results and root-cause analysis to senior level management.
DICECTOR - CORPORATE CUSTOMER RELATIONS
CitiFinancial | City, STATE
01/1999 to 01/2000
Managed customer service operations to effectively resolve escalated customer complaints received by senior management, Attorney General, the Better Business Bureau and other regulatory agencies. Negotiated complex settlements for the legal department, handled delicate credit bureau disputes, and
resolved fair lending issues.
•
Provided on-going staff development training to improve customer service techniques. Prepared statistical reporting and root-cause analysis on the department operation to upper
management.
• Developed and motivated staff to achieve goals/objectives and provide excellent customer service.
DICECTOR - PAYMENT PROCESSING
CitiFinancial Mortgage | City, STATE
01/1996 to 01/1999
Managed a high volume production environment responsible for coordinating and controlling the processing of remittance exceptions and research items within corporate, as well as, federally regulated time frames. Planned, organized and controlled the activities of the Payment Processing staff to meet corporate
•
financial and performance objectives.
Monitored and controlled the activities of the Payment Processing staff to meet corporate financial and federally regulated guidelines as they relate to suspense accounts, bank reconciliation, return item processing, and security of checks.
Provided meaningful contributions to strategic planning and execution of business objectives relative to
expense reduction, customer service, and employee development.
TECLER SUPERVISOR
01/1993 to 01/1996
Bank One Corporation | City, STATE
Lead a team of bank tellers responsible for processing various account transactions, reconciling and
depositing daily funds.
•
Responsible for teller station operations and supervision of teller staff.
Performed cross selling of bank products that may meet customer's needs.
•
Trained tellers in banking procedures and provided on-going staff development.
Resolved customer problems and ensure their satisfaction.
•
Participated in monthly internal audits.
EDUCATION AND
TRAINING
Diploma - Paralegal Studies
Blackstone Career Institute, Allentown, PA
Bachelor of Science | Finance
DeVry University, Irving, TX AsCociate of Applied Science | Business
Mountain View College, Dallas, TX
2009
2007
1995