JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

10+ years of SAP experience, working with Implementation, Testing and Support projects.
‘Very good knowledge on order to cash (OTC) processes.

Closely Worked with MM and FI on integration with SD.

Pricing Experience: Configuration of Condition Types, Condition Tables and Access Sequences, Creation of Condition Records.

Good Knowledge in Sales Order management, Intercompany Process, Listing and Exclusion, Item Category determination, Schedule line
Determination.

Third Party Sales, Free Goods, Output determination and Bill of material

Good knowledge in Delivery and billing process.

 

SKILLS
SAP Sales and Distribution Logistic execution
SAP Order to Cash Pricing Condition Techniques
SAP ECC ‘Docs
SAP Customer master
EXPERIENCE

 

SAP SD Consultant, 03/2016 - Current
Deloitte — Rosslyn, MT

Title - Hallmark IT development/support offshore for Hallmark Card’s, Inc.
Period - Offshore (March 2016 — April 2018)

Onshore (April 2018 — till date)

Client Name - Hallmark Card’s, Inc.,

Position SAP SD Consultant

 

Responsibilities
1. Active team member

2. Application support and maintenance

3. Providing permanent fixes for recurring abnormal ends

Carried out the following activiti

 

End to End application support on a 24*7 support.

Incident monitoring in ticketing tool.

Analyze defects and track them and identify the root cause of the issue.

Provided permanent fixes for recurring abnormal ends.

Identifying GAPS in different SAP OTC/MTI areas and initiate Process improvement as a GAP analysis.
Regular discussion with the client and co-ordinate with offshore team to deliver 100% error free delivery.
Delivering the project as per schedule deadlines and maintenance support to the client.

Co-ordinate with the respective stakeholders and drive the project to successful completion

Compiling and writing Functional documentation of new requirements and changes and subsequent revisions.

SAP SD Consultant, 07/2013 - 02/2016
Deloitte — Rosslyn, NC

Title - PRI Patching Project

Period - June 2015 — February 2016
Client - British Petroleum

Location - Kolkata, India

Position - SAP SD Consultant

 

Responsibilities
1. Active team member

2. Testing new Changes in different environment

3. Interface testing with SAP with third-party Applications

Carried out the following activiti

 

Baseline Configuration for OTC process.

Coordinating tickets/defects & assign to the process team in the marvel tool
Output Configuration- Output Determination using Condition Technique.
Pricing Configuration — Create Condition Table, Maintain Access sequence.
Maintain Base Price Report

Configuring Incompletion Log

Unit Testing of the newly implemented changes,

Title “Voyager” Heineken

Period November 2014—May 2015

Client Name - Heineken

Carried out the following :

Baseline Configuration for OTC process.

Coordinating tickets/defects & assign to the process team in the marvel tool
Output Configuration- Output Determination using Condition Technique.
Pricing Configuration — Create Condition Table, Maintain Access sequence.
Maintain Base Price Report

Configuring Incompletion Log

Unit Testing of the newly implemented changes,

Position - SAP SD Consultant

 

Responsibilities
1. Active Team member

2. Defect Analyst

Title - Friesland Campina

Period - July 2013 to October 2014.

Client Name - Friesland Campina

Position - SAP SD Consultant

Responsibilities

Requirement analysis of the application to be developed.
Understanding and Designing of Use Case, Class & Sequence Diagram.
Building application.

Unit Testing.

System Testing

Carried out the following

End to End Scenario testing of the OTS/OTD tests Scripts.

Identifying proper master data in different markets/Systems for the Test
Scripts.

Performing Environment Checkup for new Environment & Analyzing
defects in ITC Testing.

Performed Environment Health Checkup for ECC & EWM Interface.
Master Data Validation before & after Technical GO-Live.

SAP SD Consultant, 11/2010 - 07/2013

Deloitte — Rosslyn, NE

Providing the solutions for user making mistakes

Participating the month end & year end activities in country version India

Asa SD Consultant with the live implementation core team.

Involved in the AS-IS study of Organization structure and business re-engineering process.

Configured the baseline configuration of the Organization structure and prepared documentation.

Worked with the Gap Analysis, suggesting alternative solutions for the gaps in the form of developments

Defining and assigning the Enterprise structure with documentation.

Creation and customization of customer master records.

Configuration of relevant Sales Documents like Inquiry, Quotation, Sales Order and customized their utilities as per End user request
Configuration of Various Basic Functions in Sales and Distribution like Incompletion logs, Text determination, Partner determination, Material
determination.

‘Worked with Pricing (Condition Records, Condition Types, Condition Tables, Access Sequence and Pricing Procedures).

Formulating the end user training for SD module in SAP R/3, which included preparing End user Manuals and imparting classroom training

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Commerce: Commerce, 07/2008
Sri Aurobindo College, University of Delhi - New Delhi, India

Post Graduate Diploma : Sales & Marketing Management
Bhartiya Vidya Bhawan - New Delhi, India

 

 

LANGUAGES
English: Hindi:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Assamese: Bengal
Negotiated: Negotiated:
CERTIFICATIONS

SAP Certified Application Associate - Sales and Distribution, ERP 6.0 Ehp7