THOMAS T. THOMPSON
1234 South Road Spokane, Washington 99999
Cell: 509.111.1111 Email: thomasthompson@yahoo.com
AVIATION SECURITY PROFESSIONAL WITH 25+ YEARS OF MILITARY & CIVILIAN EXPERIENCE
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
A highly accomplished, self-directed, and disciplined aviation security director, manager, consultant, and instructor seeking a challenging new role combining more than two decades of formal on-the-job training and experience in both a military and civilian capacity. A performer with a confirmed reputation of consistently completing missions efficiently and effectively. A troubleshooter able to successfully resolve issues and meet and achieve challenging goals and objectives. Results-oriented individual with strong qualifications in personnel development, safety and regulatory. compliance, quality control, procedure execution, and performance improvement. Direct and decisive leader with "hands-on" management style. Proven track record in increasing organizational productivity and conformance. Articulate and creative problem solver serving as corporate ambassador to management, subordinates, and key. internal/external stakeholders.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Safety/Regulatory Compliance Staffing & Scheduling
• Project Management
•
Employee Readiness/Evaluations Record Maintenance
Hazardous Materials Training Inventory Management/Control
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ABC Strategies Group
• Employee Training/Development Curriculum Development Procedure Execution Physical Searches
• Competence Under Pressure Small Arms Training Loss Prevention
Aviation Security Training Manager/Terminal
Baghdad, Iraq Commander
Operational Risk Management Quality Assurance I.E.D. Training Investigative Proficiency Data Administration X-Ray Interpretation Equipment Maintenance
Nov. 2007- Nov. 2008
Organized and directed a full-time staff of up to sixty three (63) screeners; developed, coordinated, and supervised training efforts; planned schedules to ensure adequate manpower coverage; administered employee. evaluations, and assessed job performance.
Trained employees in all aspects of aviation security screening including x-ray interpretation, Explosive Trace Detection (ETD), recognition of and response to of Improvised Explosive Devices (1.E.D.), and physical searches of both personnel and property.
Presided over and managed multiple assignments and subordinates; supervised staff, enforced quality standards, and met deadlines.
Generated I.E.D. training aids that improved the performance of local screeners.
• Prepared Third Country National (TCN) personnel for deployment as screeners to other sites and/or countries.
• Developed and maintained documentation reflecting all training received by personnel.
·
Implemented and enforced International Civil Aviation Organization's directives (Primarily Annex 17). Key Accomplishments:
Acquired a Computer Based Training program (CBT) that provided screeners with Increased exposure to potential threats as seen on the x-ray; led to substantially improved detection rates above 90%.
Collaborated on the Checkpoint, Baggage Screening, and Management Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for Baghdad International Airport
Consistently achieved results that exceeded key performance objectives.
Department of Homeland Security, TSA
Spokane, WA
Transportation Security Administration, Approved Instructor/Manager
.
Jun. 2002 Nov. 2007
Presided over a daily staff of up to twenty (20) checkpoint and/or baggage screening employees. Maintained and ensured the operational effectiveness of all equipment including the E.T.D. paraphernalia. Enforced proper guidelines and procedures.
. Addressed passenger and stakeholder concerns and issues.
Authorized as an Approved Instructor for the Transportation Security Administration (TAI).
Functioned as secondary Training Coordinator.
One of only ten (10) TSA certified screener instructors (senior ranking).