PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

 

Seasoned Accountant Supervisor bringing more than 5 years of experience directing accounting systems for diverse business groups.
Industrious and cost-conscious with excellent project management abilities. Advanced understanding of Corporate Construction standards.

 

Sxmts
Problem Solving « Financial Statements Expertise
* Account Reconciliation * Closing Processes
* Document Recordkeeping * General Ledger Accounting Expertise
*# Intuit QuickBooks «# Intuit QuickBooks specialist

Accounts Payable

Monthly and Annual Joumal Entries
Accounting Procedures Validation
Financial Statements Review
Critical Thinking and Analysis
Microsoft Office

Accounting Software Systems
Discrepancy Reconciliation
Processing Checks and Invoices
Invoice Coding Familiarity
Excellent Managerial Techniques
Advanced Bookkeeping Skills
Account Reconciliation Processes

‘Worx History

* Account reconciliation specialist
* QuickBooks expert
Partnership accounting

* Finance

«Administrative support

* Schedule Management

* Budgeting

« Financial Management

© MS Office Suite

* Bookkeeping

© Superior attention to detail
* Cash Flow analysis

 

08/2019 to Current Accountant
Always Best Care — Hartland, WI

‘ Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.

‘ Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets

‘© Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books

‘© Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

‘* Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile production
operations and general ledger.

* Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.

Applied strong leadership talents and problem-solving skills to maintain team efficiency and organize workflows

‘© Created successful work schedules for each team member to maintain deadlines and fully staff shifts.

‘© Utilized standard operating procedures, effective crew resource management, communication and procedures
specified in company operation manual.

‘Introduced team contests and goals to enhance productivity and improve employee morale.

‘* Streamlined operations of multiple lines of business within organization.

‘© Built, managed and coached insourced and outsourced teams.

‘Set overall vision and provided team leadership.

‘* Developed training, task and process guidelines and communicated clear and concise directions to employees.

+ Adjusted job assignments and schedules to keep pace with dynamic business needs, factoring in processes,
employee knowledge and customer demands.

‘= Evaluated employee performance and coached and trained to improve weak areas.

‘© Worked with management team to implement proper division of responsibilities.

‘* Revitalized operational structures and procedures to successfully control tumover and waste, enhance output and
boost overall quality

‘* Audited and documented processes and procedures for new accounts department,

‘* Maintained compliance with company policies, objectives and communication goals.

03/2018 to 07/2019 Accountant
Always Best Care — Hillsborough, NC
‘© Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books
‘© Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile production
operations and general ledger.
‘© Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.
* Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets
‘ Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.
‘* Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly balance sheets.
‘* Maintained up-to-date knowledge on permits, certificates and documents mandatory for government departments.
‘* Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.
+ Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare accurate forecasts
‘* Monitored 8-employee team while handling day-to-day accounting processes and financial accuracy.

10/2016 to 01/2018 Car Saleswomen - Trade in Specialist

Doane Us

 

ersit

 

— Crete, NE

© Created trade marketing strategies to communicate strategies to Sales Team Managers.
‘© Met with members to understand goals and recommend solutions to fit specific needs.
‘* Developed and maintained strong knowledge of multiple products and varying levels of benefits within each

product.

‘© Greeted customers on lot and in showroom to answer questions about brand and available inventory.

‘© Met customers on lot and in showroom to discuss available vehicles and options.

+ Followed-up on warm Internet leads and responded to customer questions about vehicle availability, price and
options while fielding inquiries fom various marketing websites.

‘* Demonstrated automobiles by explaining characteristics, capabilities and features, taking test drives and explaining
warranties and services.

‘+ Answered telephone and email inquiries from potential customers.

* Closed sales by overcoming objections, asking for sales, negotiating price and completing purchase contracts,

‘* Responded to customer enquiries via telephone and email

03/2015 to 09/2016 Accounting Assistant
Bedrock Stone & Design — City, STATE
‘© Used accounting software to prepare weekly and monthly financial reports.
‘* Reconciled account information and reported figures in general ledger by comparing to bank account statement

Epucation

each month,

«= Investigated daily variances and corrected errors to resolve discrepancies
* Reconciled company accounts for credit cards, employee expenses and commissions

‘* Prepared itemized statements, bills or invoices and recorded amounts due for items purchased or services rendered.

‘* Completed weekly check runs and maintained accounting ledgers by verifying and posting account transactions
into accounting

‘* Maintained clean and organized files by keeping accounts payable records up-to-date

‘© Reported financial data and updated financial records in ledgers and journals.

* Communicated with suppliers to reconcile invoice payments

‘* Directed clients to appropriate accountants, answered phone calls and replied to office emails for excellent
customer service

‘© Maintained accurate and complete documentation for financial department procedures to facilitate new employee
training.

‘* Supervised daily bookkeeping operations with attention to accounts receivable, accounts payable, banking
reconciliation and disbursements.

ystem.

 

 

Bachelor of Science: Baking And Pastry Arts
The Art Institute of Houston - Austin Texas

06/2012

High School Diploma
Hutto High School - Hutto, TX