JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Confident professional offering a terrific educational background. An eager learner and a dedicated team player. Ready to tackle various
responsibilities in a Systems Engineer Trainee role

Problem-solving Systems Engineer Trainee with success collaborating on client projects and learning through hands-on experiences.
Promoting strong work ethic and exemplary organizational skills

known for having great interpersonal and writing skills. Team-oriented individual with desire to pitch in and help with any task. Mission
focused Scrum Master with extensive experience coaching and mentoring highly skilled teams.

Highly trained individual knowledgeable in web development technologies and considered talented leader. Certified Scrum Master with
definitive leadership qualities and strong critical thinking and decision making skills

Team-oriented individual promoting exemplary presentation, project management and risk oversight skills. Demonstrative Scrum Master with
background communicating effectively with and leading high-performance teams. Considered expert in prioritizing tasks and optimizing
workflows,

‘Well-versed in building positive relationships with customers and other stakeholders. Strong requirements gathering, scope development and
inventory coordination abilities. Skilled at overseeing complex, high-value technical projects with excellent planning competencies.

Diligent forward-thinking and adaptable to dynamic company, customer and project needs. Successful at motivating teams to meet demanding
timelines

Enthusiastic and eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear
understanding of task and Motivated to learn, grow and excel in career.

Semis

 

* Development team trainings
‘Waterfall Methodology
Reporting Template Development

‘Web Development Technologies
Customer Interaction

Project Management

* Quality Assurance * Risk Identification
« Risk Mitigation Planning * Public Speaking
* Documentation Management

Worx History

 

12/2018 to Current Information Technology Intern
Avient — Denver, CO

‘* Managed and monitored all installed systems for highest level of availability.

‘+ Managed installation, upgrade and deployment projects and provided on-site direction for network engineers.

‘© Managed use of various types of databases and configured, installed and upgraded new ones.

‘ Built and maintained network infrastructure consisting of Windows, and virtual products.

+ Participated in all phases of system development life cycle, from requirements analysis through system
implementation.
Installed, configured, tested and maintained operating systems, application software and system management tools.
Resolved issues related to operational components for LAN, WAN and voice systems.
Implemented network security equipment, including firewalls, two-factor authentication, and antivirus software for
networks supporting users
‘© Oversaw development and maintenance of organization computer systems and intranet.
‘* Monitored and tested application performance to identify potential bottlenecks, develop solutions, and collaborate

with developers on solution implementation.

+ Escalated project-related issues quickly to superiors and supported solutions
« Pitched in to assist development team with special projects.

07/2017 to 05/2020 Purchasing Manager
Lydall Corporation — Green Island, NY
* Oversaw $ budget and all purchasing needs for pharmacy.
‘+ Implemented policies to reduce cost and eliminate waste.
‘© Decreased material expenses by 25% by managing tracking and supply.
‘# Used excell spreadsheet framework to authorize and monitor purchase orders and consumables
* Organized receipts, purchases and documentation of finished goods, packaging, materials and ingredients.
‘* Authorized purchase orders and consumables through Kodiak
‘© Worked with clients to resolve claim issues quickly and efficiently.
* Scheduled and organized inventory management of drugs and equipments.
* Sourced vendors, built relationships and negotiated prices.
‘* Progressed through various purchasing, warehousing and leadership roles
‘* Purchased new products and oversaw inventory stocking and availability.
* Received inbound phone calls from store managers and facility management associates, creating work orders and
purchase orders to replace faulty or unsafe equipment or conditions.
* Coordinated paperwork, updated spreadsheets and maintained permanent records
+ Contacted location managers and department supervisors to assess requirements.
+ Adjusted procedures as needed to maximize department effectiveness
* Generated weekly, monthly, quarterly and yearly reports on purchasing operations
‘* Performed monthly reconciliation of open purchasing orders.
‘© Generated inventory framework reports, documents and analysis in for senior management review and approval.

  

 

05/2017 to 05/2020 Equipment Trainer
Des Corporation — Huntsville, AL

‘ Adjusted alignment of drills, guides and holding devices.

* Examined incoming materials and compared to documentation for accuracy and quality.

+ Implemented updated operating procedures for passport machine and adjusted use to increase productivity and
longevity.
Calibrated machines to maintain required productivity levels and adherence to quality standards.
Inspected products and machines to maintain quality and efficiency.
‘© Supported machine operators in setup and operation of production equipment resulting in efficient runs
‘© Made sure that products were produced on time and are of good quality.
‘© Organized work to meet demanding production goals with 75% success rate
‘* Monitored employee actions for adherence to safety procedures.
‘© Oversaw logistics and inventory management for storeroom.
‘* Monitored production schedule to keep proper amount of unit dose cards inventory on hand.
‘+ Employed outsource welding techniques to assemble parts and components
* Reviewed production schedules and streamlined processes.
‘= Prepared reports and technical documentation of day-to-day production processes.
‘© Unloaded incoming products and moved boxes to staging areas, sorted items and transported to final storage

locations.

05/2014 to 06/2017 Pharmacy Technician
Universal Health Services — Grand Rapids, MI
+ Consulted with insurance company representatives to complete claims processing, resolve concerns and reconcile
payments.

+ Liaised with other pharmacies to eliminate issues related to product expiration,
Calculated dosage, filled prescriptions and prepared prescription labels with absolute accuracy.
Solved customer problems in-person or over telephone by providing assistance with placing orders, navigating
systems and locating items.
‘Monitored ordering of pharmacy medication stock to maintain streamlined inventory and low overhead,
Stocked, labeled and inventoried medication to keep accurate records

 

Epucation
07/2020 Certificate: Scrum Master
Six Sigma Global Institute - Boston, MA
05/2017 Associate of Arts: General Studies
Prince George's Community College - Upper Marlboro, MD
03/2020 Certificate: System Engineering

EMT Technology - Bowie, MD

Certificate: Medical Insurance Coding
‘Medical Coding John Hopkins University - Columbia MD