JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Organized Accountant with 5 years of managing accurate accounting information, financial report support, bookkeeping and corporate
operations. Astute financial professional with keen eye for detail and high level of integrity. . Familiar with managing schedules, directing
teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in ledger updates and report writing. Exceptional

interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities. Works well in large teams in corporate environments

 

Semis
‘* Financial Statements and projections + Inventory Verification, Assessment and Fixed Asset Management
‘* File Maintenance, Journal Entry Preparation * Stock Valuation and Document Recordkeeping
‘© Monthly and Annual Journal Entries © General Ledger and Intuit QuickBooks
* Personnel Recordkeeping Review and Cash Analysis
Worx History

 

08/2020 to Current Accountant
Bd (Becton, Dickinson And Company) — Michigan: Detroit, MI

‘© Gathered financial information, prepared documents, and closed books

* Documented cash, credit, fixed assets, accrued expenses and line of credit transactions.

* Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, budgeting, donating and cash
and banking reconciliations.

‘ Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets

‘© Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile production
operations and general ledger.

‘© Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

‘* Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software
proficiencies

‘© Documents financial transactions by entering account information.
+ Recommends financial actions by analyzing accounting options
+ Maintains accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures
+ Reconciles financial discrepancies by collecting and analyzing account information,
+ Prepares payments by verifying documentation and requesting disbursements
+ Prepares special financial reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing account information and trends.

09/2018 to 05/2020 Administrative Officer
Department Of Labor — San Antonio, TX
‘© Managed files and records for clients and adhered to safety procedures to prevent breaches and data misuse.
+ Oversaw office inventory activities by ordering and requisitions and stocking and shipment receiving
‘© Supervised and guided new employees and responded quickly to questions to improve understanding of job
responsibilities.
« Prepared reports to assist business leaders with key decision making and strategic operational planning.
‘* » Manage office supplies stock and place orders
+ Prepare regular reports on expenses and office budgets
+ Maintain and update company databases
+ Organize filing system for important and confidential company documents
+ Answer queries by employees and clients
* Update office policies as needed
+ Maintain company calendar and schedule appointments
+ Book meeting rooms as required
+ Distribute and store correspondence (e-g., letters, emails and packages)
+ Prepare reports and presentations with statistical data, as assigned

07/2016 to 03/2018 Account Officer
Redeem Christain Church (RCCG) NGO - City, STATE.
‘© Built and strengthened relationships with new and existing accounts to drive revenue growth.
‘* Prospected new clientele through networking, cold calling, canvassing and referrals
Strengthened customer relationships with proactive and collaborative approach to managing needs.
Reviewed accounts monthly to monitor and track customer satisfaction and complaints
Contacted customers as issues arose to provide prompt resolutions
Identified client business needs by gaining understanding of goals, objectives and processes.
‘* Negotiated sales deals between customers and agency, resulting in mutually beneficial agreements and cultivated
relationships
‘© Responded to requests for information and resolved issues quickly.
Secured high-value accounts through consultative selling, effective customer solutions and promoting compelling
business opportunities.
‘* Drove growth in [Area] by implementing operational process improvements

 

Epucation

02/2021 MBA: Business Administration And Management
University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ

11/2020 Associate of Science: ACCOUNTING
University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ

06/2012 Bachelor of Science: ACCOUNTING AND FINANCE
LAGOS STATE UNIVERSITY - NIGERIA

AFFILIATIONS

 

‘© American Institute of Certified Public Accountants

Laneuaces

 

English
Negotiated: