Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Resourceful Accounting professional with 10 years designing efficient quality control procedures and maintaining sound
internal controls. Excellent eye for detail useful in audit preparation and reporting. Ambitious and self-motivated Tax
Accountant with exceptional research and qualitative abilities. Fiscal budgeting and forecasting expert. Familiar with managing
schedules, directing teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in GAAP, ledger updates and report writing.
Exceptional interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities.

Skills
* Account reconciliation specialist * Superior attention to detail
* Account reconciliation processes * QuickBooks expert
« Financial modeling capability * SPSS/STATA/SAS software proficient
« Tax accounting specialization * GAAP proficiency
« Budget analysis * Tax law understanding

MS Office Suite

Excellent managerial techniques

Work History

Staff Accountant, 02/2020 to 02/2020

Mattamy — Orlando, FL
+ Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with 100% accuracy.
* Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.

Helped clients navigate interactions with tax authorities and legal concerns related to financial matters.

Accurately calculated deductions and processed payroll for 25 employees.

« Strengthened financial management processes to bring errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general
bookkeeping.

* Maintained and processed invoices, deposits and money logs.

« Tracked various statistics and kept detailed records to support human resources department.

Assistant Controller, 02/2020 to 02/2020
23Andme, Inc. - South San Francisco, CA
* Prepared corporate fiscal and business plans to help strategically direct business operations and strengthen controls.
* Followed up with delinquent accounts to obtain funds and reduce aging balances
« Kept physical files and digitized records organized for easy updating and retrieval by authorized team members.
* Communicated corporate objectives across all divisions through regular correspondence and scheduled status updates.
« Interpreted management directives to define and document administrative staff processes.
« Developed highly-efficient administrative team through ongoing coaching and professional development opportunities
« Established and developed highly efficient and dependable administrative team by delivering ongoing coaching and
motivation and fostering career advancement.
« Initiated timely project management within budget constraints for multi-faceted problems concerning executive leaders.
* Hired, managed, developed and trained staff, established and monitored goals, conducted performance reviews and
administered salaries for staff.

Chief Accounting Officer, 02/2020 to 02/2020
Broadridge — Denver, CO
« Enhanced branch production rates by handling staff conflicts, evaluations, hiring/termination processes, coaching
employees on company protocol and payroll operations.
* Recruited, interviewed, hired and trained 100 employees and implemented mentoring program to promote positive
feedback and engagement.
* Boosted branch sales by developing and deepening customer loyalty through incentive programs.
« Assessed budget plans and present costs to forecast trends and recommend changes.
« Engaged employees in business processes with positive motivational techniques.
* Protected company assets with strategic risk management approaches.
« Identified and capitalized on community business opportunities with effective networking.

Fiinance Controller, 02/2020 to 02/2020
Indicate Technologies Inc. — City, STATE
« Analyzed current business plan, identified inefficiencies in existing processes, and tracked performance following
implementation of improvements.
« Investigated and resolved customer complaints to foster satisfaction.
« Followed quality standards and procedures to minimize errors and maximize customer satisfaction.
* Negotiated agreements between employees to clarify misunderstood directions and resolve conflicts affecting performance.
« Partnered with cross-functional teams to conduct thorough discovery and due diligence on existing processes.
« Equipped and organized facility to comply with company strategy for online and offline quality controls.
* Monitored social media and online sources for industry trends.
* Developed and executed plans to monitor standard process adherence.
* Developed standard operating procedures and document workflows for current and future process steps.
« Inspected inbound and outbound products for compliance with established industry standards, company policies and
procedures.
* Updated quality control standards, methods and procedures to meet compliance requirements.
« Identified and resolved process issues to encourage smoother procedures, more efficient workflow and overall business
growth,

Education

MBA: Accounting And Finance
Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL,
‘Member of Pi Theta Kappa, , Sigma Alpha Pi Honor Society- National Society of Leadership and Success, and Sigma Beta Delta

Bachelor of Arts: Accounting
Indian River State College - Ft. Pierce, FL
* Member of Pi Theta Kappa, , Sigma Alpha Pi Honor Society- National Society of Leadership and Success, and Sigma Beta
Delta

Associate of Arts: General Studies
Indian River State College - Ft. Pierce, FL
* Dean's List two semester's
* Member of Pi Theta Kappa