JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Familiar with managing schedules, directing teams and overseeing closing processes. Well-versed in GAAP, ledger updates and report
writing. Exceptional interpersonal, communication and multitasking abilities. Adept at managing budgets, payroll, invoicing and all other
general accounting functions. Instrumental in keeping business operations fully compliant and working within budgetary guidelines
‘Methodical Quality Assurance Auditor successful at standardizing compliance review and correction across all business areas. Efficient and
accurate team player with demonstrated success in working in any environments over 10 year career.

 

Sxmts
« Financial Advisory Services # Non-destructive testing
«Annual reports * Production expertise
« Accounting principles « Blueprint understanding
«Financial records review * Staff Management
+ Profits and losses tracking * Corporate finance
* Cost savings options * Accounting management
* Debt management * Processing payments
« Budgeting # Sage MAS90 expertise
* Bookkeeping « Preparing financial statements
«Risk mitigation strategies * Collections understanding
Sampling procedures * Profit and Loss Management
«# Inspection protocols « Pricing and Costing
Worx History

09/2019 to Current

01/2015 to 08/2019

01/2010 to 11/2013

Epucation

 

Accountant
Ace Hardware — Bainbridge Island, WA
* Contributed to financial and operational risk reduction by evaluating effectiveness of controls and subsystems.
+ Compiled budget figures by reviewing past budgets, evaluating estimated income and assessing expenses.
+ Applied proper codes to invoices, files and receipts to keep records organized and easily searchable.
‘© Enhanced customer satisfaction by uncovering and correcting outstanding financial problems and account errors.
‘* Analyzed and prepared annual budgets to contain costs, minimize losses and assure compliance with internal
controls.
* Contacted customers to immediately find resolutions for escalated issues
‘+ Assessed data and information to verify entry, calculation and billing code accuracy.
+ Produced timely and accurate financial and progress reports and submitted for consideration during key decision-
making process.
‘+ Applied mathematical abilities to calculate and check figures in accounting systems.
* Led daily general ledger entries, using double-entry accounting method and check backs.
‘* Reconciled account information and reported figures in general ledger by comparing to bank account statement
each month.

Payroll Accountant
10X Genomics — Raleigh, NC
‘© Delivered human resources financial support by certifying and processing payroll, completing deposits, performing
pay adjustments and promptly distributing checks.
© Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with 100% accuracy.
* Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and S corporation tax
returns, FAS 109 provisions, and quarterly estimates prepared by associates.
* Calculated payroll deductions by accurately using ADP QUICKBOOK and processed payroll to meet preset
requirements.
‘* Maintained up-to-date knowledge of tax codes, legislation and tax programs.
«* Identified audit risks, prepared budgets and coordinated with management and audit team in preparing related
reports
‘* Partnered with auditors on annual audits and realized compliance with governmental tax guidelines.
‘* Upheld strict confidentiality protocols with client details and tax return information,
Resolved financial and tax issues and maximized customer satisfaction scores.

Senior External Auditor
Unitedhealth Group Inc. - Tallahassee, FL
© Compiled general ledger entries on short schedule with 100% accuracy.
* Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and S corporation tax
returns, FAS 109 provisions, and quarterly estimates prepared by associates.
** Allocated auditing work to junior and staff auditors to cover demand
‘ Liaised between clients and intemal audit staff to address concerns with procedures, scheduling or results
+ Conveyed complex audit information to clients of diverse backgrounds
‘* Identified control gaps in processes, procedures and systems through in-depth research and assessment and
suggested methods for improvement.
‘* Developed and implemented corrective actions to bring business areas in line with standards.
‘= Prepared working papers, reports and supporting documentation for audit findings.
+ Identified management control weaknesses and provided value added suggestions for remediation.
«Interviewed business owners, explained audit scope and conducted exit interviews of audit findings.
‘© Determined financial and operational audit areas, providing most economical and efficient use of audit resources.
‘© Developed and enforced audit policies and administrative and technical functions.
+ Established internal control systems by updating audit programs.
‘= Completed audit papers by thoroughly documenting audit tests and findings.
+ Collected and reported monthly expense variances and explanations,
* Cooperated with senior leaders to create operating budgets and initiate financial planning.
Proactively researched technical tax issues related to consulting projects.

 

12/2017

07/2014

(CERTIFICATIONS

Financial Forensics And Fraud Investigation
West Virginia University At Parkersburg - Parkersburg, WV

Master of Science: Accounting Audit And Controle
Paris Daufine - France

 

* CIA - Certified Internal Auditor in progress

Laneuaces

 

French: English:
Negotiated: Negotiated: