JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Tireless, well-organized Customer Advocate determined to resolve customer concerns to complete satisfaction. Balances company requirements

against customer needs. Highly professional and courteous in all interactions

SKILLS

 

‘© Upbeat and Positive Personality

« Efficient and Detail-Oriented

« Issue and Complaint Resolution

* Calm and Professional Under Pressure
* Multitasking and Prioritization

* De-escalation Techniques

# Responding to Difficult Customers

* Understanding Customer Needs

© Customer Account Management

* Courteous with Strong Service Mindset

Building Customer Trust and Loyalty

Proficiency in Microsoft Office and G Suite
Computer Proficiency

LiveChat Messaging

Call Volume and Quality Metrics

Document and Records Management

Establishing and Maintaining Customer Relationships
Multi-Line Phone Systems

Excellent Attention to Detail

Time Management

© Upselling Products and Services Inbound and Outbound Calling
* Verbal and Written Communication * Team-Oriented and Cooperative
* Data Entry and Maintenance « Patient and Empathetic
© Creative Problem Solving

Work History

Customer Advocate, 08/2019 - Current
American Electric Power - Logan, WV

Documented customer concerns and inquiry resolutions in internal computer system.
Researched and resolved account and service problems with friendly, knowledgeable support.

Served as point of contact for customers and worked to resolve Transportation issues.

Used Cad to maintain records of filed complaints and results, as well as other customer service department data,
Performed research activities to understand consumer needs and opportunities to inform.

Contacted outside providers on behalf of customers to help solve problems

Listened to customers in actively to assess issues and provide accurate information.

Answered as many as 70 calls each day focused on answering transportation questions

Accessed multiple databases to investigate customer questions and concems.
Educated customers about billing, payment processing and support policies and procedures.
Communicated professionally with colleagues, freelancers and clients.

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of product and service changes.

Exhibited high energy and professionalism when dealing with clients and staff.

‘Weed Eater, 06/2015 - 07/2019
Center For Sleep Apnea & Tmj— Holly Springs, MS

Developed lasting customer relationships and grew network over time
Followed planned landscaping designs to determine placement of sod, sown grass, flowers and foliage.
Used trimmers and chainsaws for grounds maintenance, brush clearing and tree removal and thinning.
Maintained routine landscaping schedules to boost lawn health,

Provided expert lawn care, mulching, aerating and trimming around walks, walls and flower beds

Removed weeds, hazards and debris from common pathways to improve usability.

LPN, 05/2014 - 05/2015
Acme Brick Tile & More — City, STATE

Monitored, tracked and conveyed important patient information to healthcare staff to help optimize treatment planning and care delivery.
Cared for wounds, provided treatments and assisted with procedures.

Managed patient care through closely monitoring respiration, blood pressure and blood glucose levels.

Evaluated patients to identify and address wounds, behavioral concerns and medically relevant symptoms.

Gathered lab specimens, ordered testing and interpreted results to diagnose patients.

Obtained biological specimens for ordered tests and prepared for laboratory transport.

Assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve nutritional objectives

Performed routine evaluations of each patient's status, needs and preferences.

Documented accurate and complete patient information to address patient problems and expected outcomes

Used aseptic techniques to provide sterilized wound care and dressing applications

Delivered updates in patient status to charge nurse, recording changes in medical records.

Offered immediate assistance in emergency and routine paging situations to evaluate needs and deliver care.

Assisted with admissions, appointments, transfers and discharges.

Obtained patient vital signs and input/output measurements from inpatients.

Performed functional assessments for admission and discharge.

Supported physicians during examinations and scans to assist with diagnostic procedures

Minimized staff and patient infection risk by cleaning and disinfecting equipment instruments.

Comforted and counseled patients and families throughout care process

Administered controlled narcotics, inserted IVs and performed catheterizations.

Collaborated with interdisciplinary team of healthcare and social service providers to address patients’ needs through effective intervention
and care planning.

Made valuable contributions to care-plan development and patient education processes backed by thorough research into client diagnoses
Managed appointment calendar for scans, lab tests, and evaluations

Educated patients and caregivers on medical diagnoses, treatment options, chronic disease self-management and wound management.

Customer Service Representative, 06/2012 - 05/2013
‘Kavanaugh CallCenter Group - City, State

Provided primary customer support to intemal and external customers.
Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and resolving concems
Developed community reputation through commitment to customer satisfaction and strong client relationships

Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.

Cultivated customer loyalty, promoted repeat business and improved sales.

Provided information regarding charge accounts and loyalty programs

Fielded customer questions regarding available merchandise, sales, current prices and upcoming company changes.

Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to evaluate technical problems and find appropriate solutions.

Communicated with vendors regarding backorder availability, future inventory and special orders.

Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.

Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.

Liaised with customers, management and sales team to better understand customer needs and recommend appropriate solutions.
Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals

Evaluated account and service histories to identify trends, using data to mitigate future issues

Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.

Consulted with outside parties to resolve discrepancies and create expert solutions.

Leveraged sales expertise to promote products and capitalized on upsell opportunities

Assisted customers with setting appointments, special order requests, and arranging merchandise pick-up.

EpucaTion

 

Associate of Science: Nursing, 05/1999
‘Lee County Vo Tech - Jonesville, VA

High School Diploma: 05/1998
‘Lee High School - Jonesville, VA