JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Twenty years in the HealthCare Industry, advocating and making a difference in peoples lives. Seeking a position with a reputable company.

Semis

 

* Service Utilization Improvements
Customer Experience
Administrative and Office Support
Operational Records Maintenance

Regulatory Issues

Calm and Effective Under Pressure
Policy and Program Development
Patient Confidentiality and Data Security

« Patient Needs Assessment and Referral * Building Rapport and Credibility
* Critical Thinking * Documenting and Recording Information
« Healthcare Planning + Communicating to Patients and Families
* Organizational Tumaround * Healthcare Billing

Worx History

02/2020 to 12/2021

02/2018 to 02/2020

 

Registered Nurse
State Of Delaware — Newport, DE
+ Provided direct patient care of 10-400 patients daily.
+ Provided COVID-19 vaccine to those who requested it per CDC guidelines, allowing highest level of health
possible,
+ Trained new nurses, medical assistants, nursing students, and ancillary staff in proper techniques, care standards,
operational procedures and safety protocols
+ Educated patients, families and caregivers regarding COVID vaccine diagnosis and prognosis, treatment options,
disease process and management and lifestyle options
+ Collaborated with physicians to quickly assess patients and deliver appropriate treatment while managing rapidly
changing conditions
+ Administered medications via oral, IV and intramuscular injections and monitored responses.
‘+ Administered medications and treatment to patients and monitored responses while working with healthcare teams
to adjust care plans
‘© Updated patient charts with data such as medications to keep records current and support accurate treatments.
‘* Monitored patient reactions to drugs and carefully documented findings.
‘* Taught patients how to improve lifestyle choices, dramatically reducing chance of symptom reoccurrence.

Healthcare Advocate
New England Sinai Hospital And Rehabilitation Center — Stoughton, MA
‘© Support staff for 20 patients daily.
‘* Helped provide a cohesive, comfortable, & emotional environment.
‘* Discussed patient grievances with management to develop action plans, resolving complaints
‘* Obtained patient feedback from patients to provide appropriate recommendations to improve patient services.
‘* Assisted with regulatory issues such as compliance.
‘* Developed and maintained electronic record management systems to analyze and process data.
+ Produced detailed and relevant reports for use in making business decisions.
+ Followed document protocols to safeguard confidentiality of patient records
+ Facilitated communication between patients and various departments and staff
+ Applied administrative knowledge and courtesy to explain procedures and services to patients.
* Offered simple, clear explanations to help clients and families understand hospital policies and procedures.
‘* Organized patient records and database to facilitate information storage and retrieval.
‘© Helped address client complaints through timely corrective actions and appropriate referrals
‘© Worked with patients to ascertain issues and make referrals to appropriate specialists
‘* Recommended service improvements to minimize recurring patient issues and complaints
« Kept current with literature and felid advancements to advocate to and for patients.
‘= Treated patients with mood disorders, anxiety, depression, OCD, LGBTQIA, bipolar, suicidal ideation & dual
diagnosis.
‘© Treat patient's mind, body & spirit.
‘* Saw an improvement in patient's self worth & self esteem, allowing them to create a meaningful and purposeful
life.

06/2013 to 01/2018 Advanced Practice Registered Nurse

New England Sinai Hospital And Rehabilitation Center — Stoughton, MA

‘* Evaluated patient progress and responses to various treatments.

‘* Assessed patient conditions by performing thorough examinations and asking appropriate medical questions.

* Provided counseling to patients and families and referred patients to other treatment facilities.

‘+ Recommended medications and other treatments such as physical therapy and inhalers for variety of different
health conditions.

+ Established and implemented developmental screening initiatives to detect delays in young children.

‘* Diagnosed and responded to illnesses and physical conditions through prescription of medication and health
counseling and education.

‘* Explained side effects from medications and provided in-depth education to patients on diabetes, asthma, cancer
and other diseases.

Ordered lab tests and interpreted test results and maintained patient records

‘* Provided anticipatory guidance to pediatric patients and families concerning areas such as vaccine administration,
developmental milestones and nutrition and hygiene practices.

+ Formulated plans of care to optimize child's health potential and minimize physical and psychological
complications.

‘© Evaluated child's response to treatment through phone calls and follow up visits.

‘© Delivered high level of care and service to patients through email, video chat and online assessments.

+ Assessed, evaluated and cared for neonate and pediatric patients.

+ Evaluated patient histories, complaints and current symptoms

* Explained medications and side effects to patients, family members and caregivers, and thoroughly reviewed
physician-ordered tests.

‘* Recorded patient medical history, applicable test results and vitals into medical records.

‘* Discussed care plans with patients and explained test results and proper use of medications

01/2013 to 06/2014 Registered nurse

University Health Care — City, STATE

+ Collaborated with physicians to quickly assess patients and deliver appropriate treatment while managing rapidly
changing conditions

‘* Educated patients, families and caregivers on diagnosis and prognosis, treatment options, disease process and
‘management and lifestyle options.

‘= Trained new nurses in proper techniques, care standards, operational procedures and safety protocols.

+ Provided direct patient care, stabilized patients and determined next course of action.

‘+ Administered medications via oral, IV and intramuscular injections and monitored responses.

‘+ Implemented medication and IV administration, catheter insertion and airway management.

‘© Managed care from admission to discharge

‘+ Administered medications and treatment to patients and monitored responses while working with healthcare teams
to adjust care plans

* Collected blood, tissue and other laboratory specimens and prepared for lab testing.

‘© Updated patient charts with data such as medications to keep records current and support accurate treatments.

‘* Monitored patient condition by interpreting and tracking EKG readings, identifying isregular telemetry readings
and updating team members on changes in stability or acuity.

‘* Monitored patient reactions to drugs and carefully documented findings.

‘© Organized and managed care of patients undergoing various therapies and procedures

‘* Conferred with physicians to discuss diagnoses and devise well-coordinated treatment approaches

+ Evaluated healthcare needs, goals for treatment and available resources of each patient and connected to optimal
providers and care.

+ Advocated for patients by communicating care preferences to practitioners, verifying interventions met treatment
goals and identifying insurance coverage limitations.

‘= Taught patients how to improve lifestyle choices, dramatically reducing chance of symptom reoccurrence.

‘* Teach and prepare parents and other family members to care for their newborn with confidence in their home

06/2002 to 12/2012 Registered Nurse

Company Name - City, State

+ Position of teacher and leader which included being a fill in charge nurse, preceptor of new hires and nursing
students

‘ Established in assessment, counseling, education regarding medications, treatment and lab work

« Proficient in documentation with care plan for diagnosis,

‘* Built positive relationships with patients, family members, physicians and other medical professionals

‘ In-depth knowledge of the neonatal medical terminology and development

* Sound knowledge of handling and working of the high tech equipments such as incubators, ventilators etc

+ Proficient ability to handle the infants with full care and safety

‘* Member of the Clinical Council committee to help assist patient, family and nurse satisfaction

« Participated in nursing simulation activities, evidence-based practice project implementation and competency
development to further nursing education.

+ Provided didactic and clinical instructions to orient new nurses and potential student nurses to achieve training
outcomes

‘* Secured controlled narcotics and distributed medication on schedule to meet patient needs and minimize misuse
opportunities.

+ Contributed substantially to successful department JCAHO accreditation by consistently operating to highest
standards of care.

+ Provided direct patient care, stabilized patients and determined next course of action.

‘* Trained new nurses in proper techniques, care standards, operational procedures and safety protocols.

‘* Audited charts and reviewed clinical documents to verify accuracy.

‘* Led successful team comprised of RNs, LPNs and ancillary staff.

# Orchestrated quality-driven, cost-effective care in high-volume trauma center setting.

 

Epucation
05/2014 Master of Science: Nursing

Stony Brook University - Stony Brook, NY
05/2009 Bachelor of Science: Nursing

University of Utah - Salt Lake City, UT
05/2002 Associate of Science: Nursing

Salt Lake Community College - Salt Lake City, Ut
05/2002 Associate of Applied Science: Nursing

Salt Lake Community College - Salt Lake
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 

+ 2013- Penn State Hershey Medical Center, 40 bed unit, Level IV, completed 300 clinical hours
* 2013- StonyBrook Medical Center, 50 bed unit, Level IV, completed 300 clinical hours.

+ 2012-University of Utah Medical Center, 50 bed unit, Level III, completed 300 clinical hours.

« Employee of the month

AFFILIATIONS:

 

AFFILIATION: National Association of Neonatal Nurses