JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Goal-focused Accountant with record of accurate reporting and payroll management. Offering 2 years of experience handling finances for 6
locations. Processed payroll, payables, reports, audits, journals, expenditures and payments. Currently working towards obtaining Certified
‘Managerial Accountant license.

 

Sxmts
* Payroll Management « Discrepancy Reconciliation
« Accounting Records Analysis + ERP Software (SAP)
Monthly and Annual Journal Entries * Flexible and Adaptable

+ Processing Invoices and payments.
« Financial Reporting

‘Worx History

Payroll Auditing
Problem Solving

 

11/2020 to Current Accountant
Aspirus — Rhinelander, WI

+ Performed advanced reviews of business operational trends and expected obligations to prepare accurate reports.

‘* Partnered with auditors on annual audits, internally and externally

‘ Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.

© Completed daily cash functions like account tracking, payroll and wage allocations, cash and banking
reconciliations.

+ Improved efficiency of data collection, analysis and modeling to enhance practices and increase customer retention

‘© Evaluated and improved accuracy and completeness of financial records.

‘* Supported monthly reporting analysis to achieve validation of internal reports and to reconcile production
operations and general ledger.

‘© Brought errors to near-zero in reporting, payroll administration and general bookkeeping

‘* Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software
proficiencies

‘* Identified and investigated variances to financial plans and forecasts.

* Reviewed accounting structures and procedures on regular basis to identify areas in need of improvement.

‘© Tracked financial progress by creating quarterly and yearly reports.

‘* Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets

11/2019 to 11/2020 Accounts Payable Clerk
Continental Services — Troy, MI

‘© Applied proper codes to invoices to keep records organized and easily searchable.

‘* Prepared vendor invoices and processed outgoing payments.

«= Investigated daily variances and corrected errors to resolve discrepancies

‘* Reviewed vendor invoices for appropriate documentation and validity prior to payment

* Reconciled processed work by verifying entries and comparing system reports to balance numbers.

‘* Maintained good working relationships with vendors and resolved disputes.

‘* Maintained payable shared email inbox and digitized invoices for processing.

+ Identified and suggested remedies for areas of improvement based on detailed daily reports and analysis.

‘© Analyzed financial data derived from multiple reporting systems to develop recommendations for operational and
performance improvements.

+ Assisted day staff by completing daily computer backups, virus checks and program updates.

* Used SAP and Excel to perform accurate financial analysis and audits to mitigate financial risks

+ Computerized recordkeeping systems, initiating and maintaining financial accurate and current tracking in SAP.

‘© Reduced financial discrepancies, effectively reconciling bank accounts and organizing information into accounting
software,

12/2013 to 11/2019 Customer Financial Services
Verizon Wireless — City, STATE

‘* Reviewed collection reports to determine status of collections and amounts of outstanding balances.

‘* Handled C2B customers in fast-paced office setting in coordination with solid team of 15 customer service
associates,

‘* Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of products and
services and creating welcoming, positive experiences.

‘+ Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.

* Communicated professionally with colleagues, freelancers and clients.

‘+ Surpassed collection goals through implementation of effective collection strategies.

‘« Kept high average of performance evaluations.

+ Performed day-to-day collections functions

+ Persistently reached out to customers with extremely past due accounts to recover lost revenue.

‘* Trained new collections representatives on collections processes and incentivized team members to achieve
production goals

‘© Negotiated with account holders to devise repayment plans and minimize collections receivables

‘* Delivered exceptional customer service on collection calls and maintained calm and professional demeanor.

‘* Processed payments and applied to customer balances.

‘© Maintained high volume of calls and met demands of busy and productive group.

 

Epucation
05/2020 Bachelor of Science: Accounting
College of Charleston - Charleston, SC
05/2015 Associate of Science: Mathematics
‘Trident Technical College - North Charleston SC
06/2012 High School Diploma

Cane Bay High School - Summerville, SC

ApprTIonaL INFORMATION

 

enjoy leaming and creating more efficient reports that benefit the company, its employees, and its analysis process.