SAM SMITH
123 Any Street. Any Town, USA 12345
Mobile Telephone: 123.456.7890 Home Telephone: 123.456.7890 Email: samsmith@hotmail.com
AVIATION MAINTENANCE PROFESSIONAL WITH 7+ YEARS OF INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
A highly trained, conscientious, and results-oriented Aviation Maintenance Professional with comprehensive Industry training and education and 7+ years of practical on-the-job experience in both civilian and military environments. Recognized as a performer able to manage multiple responsibilities simultaneously, successfully and efficiently resolve issues, and consistently meet and exceed established goals and objectives. Effective motivator, mentor, and trainer accustomed to working under fast-paced, high-volume, time-sensitive conditions. Quick learner demonstrating a high- level of accuracy and thoroughness recognized for capacity to work autonomously as well as collaboratively, interact effectively with all levels of support staff and management, and easily grasp, apply, and present new ideas, concepts, methods, and technologies. Exceptional investigative, analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills. Strang written, oral, and technical aptitude. Microsoft Office proficient.
Safety Systems/Inspections Functional Flight Checks
FAA Regulatory Compliance Performance Improvement
Airframe Systems & Structures
• Staffing & Scheduling
⚫
CORE COMPETENCIES Aircraft/Airframe Maintenance ⚫ Team-Building/Development • Budgeting/Cost Containment Supplier/Vendor Relations Data Analysis/Recording Vibration Analysis
EDUCATION
Electrical Systems/Components
⚫ Personnel Management/Training Work/Change Order Maintenance Aircraft Systems Testing/Repair Inventory Monitoring/Control Operational Risk Management
Aviation Electrician's Mate Apprenticeship School - Naval Air Technical Training Command, San Diego, California
MILITARY SERVICE
E-3, United States Navy Honorably Discharged Performed a Total of Four (4) Tours of Duty:
Operation Southern Watch at the Prince Sultan Air Base in Saudi Arabia, Operation Northern Watch in Incirlik, Turkey, and Operation Enduring Freedom in Bagram, Afghanistan
ABC Company
Aviation Electronic Technician II
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Any Town, USA
Led a full-time staff of three (3); provided ongoing direction, mentoring, and support.
Apr. 2008- Present
• Performed daily and turnaround inspections on EA/68 Naval aircraft. Serviced aircraft including fueling and filling equipment with Nitrogen. Successfully maintained equipment; completed corrosion prevention by wiping and thoroughly washing aircraft. Directly responsible for the safety of aircraft and personnel during all plane moves and launch procedures. Selected Accomplishments:
Elevated from Aircraft Servicer/Worker to Aviation Electronic Technician II, 2008; one (1) of only five (5) to earn the promotion out of a team of thirty-five (35).
ABC Company
Aviation Electrician's Mate Airman
+
.
Any Town, USA
Mar. 2001 Mar. 2006
Directed a team of thirteen (13); managed daily operations of an aircraft maintenance and repair facility. Performed repairs, inspection, maintenance, and modification of Northrop Grumman EA-6B Prowler aircraft. Initiated quality assurance and phase inspections, overhaul of components, system troubleshooting and diagnosis, and scheduled and unscheduled maintenance.
Adhered to and enforced FAA, operations, company-mandated policies, and manufacturers requirements, Conducted all systems repair, rigging, and troubleshooting including computer repair and programming. Performed the role of "final checker" during launch procedures.
Provided detailed technical insight, guidance, and assistance; interpreted inspection findings and initiated, recommended, and implemented a comprehensive course of action.