JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY gS

‘A dedicated Army aviation maintenance professional with over 26 years’ experience as a Master Aviator and Maintenance Test Pilot
Evaluator and Aviation SME. A civilian logistics professional with 2 years" experience as the Chief Contracting Officer Representative for the
USARPAC G4 Aviation maintenance service contract. A proven leader and team builder with a diverse background in aviation maintenance,
aircraft component management, aviation maintenance management, contract over site, contract management, contract officer responsibilities,
government flight representative and Financial CLIN management. A highly effective Maintenance Officer with a proven ability to articulate
and solve complex issues to senior command leadership. Experienced at the operational and strategic planning levels, as well as developing
contract products and project management, Possesses excellent interpersonal skills and always a trusted and valued team member. Secret
Security Clearance valid until 2025.

 

SKILLS
«Staff Management © Supervision
Financial Management * Process improvement
« Budgeting © Operational improvement
« Strategic Planning Problem resolution
« Project organization * Team management

Weors Y10R_

USARPAC G4 AVIATION EQUIPMENT SPECIALIST , 04/2019 - Current
‘US Army Pacific AC Of S, G4 Sustainment Division — City, STATE

Aviation Equipment Specialist with 2 years staff officer experience at the four star level and a member of the best team of aviation
‘maintenance experts managing maintenance programs in an Army Service Component Command (ASCC). Have 28 years of experience in

 

every level of command in Army aviation logistics, maintenance management and aircraft operations.

Equipment maintenance management. Currently working for the Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff (AC of S) G-4, Headquarters, US
Army Pacific (USARPAC). Expert knowledge of concepts, principles, and methodologies applicable to all phases of logistical support for
aviation weapon systems of a major military command during, Other Contingency Operations (OCO), on all Mission Design Series (MDS)
aircraft and equipment in USARPAC and its theater of operations. Directs and coordinates on a theater-wide basis, development,
implementation and execution of policies, regulations, methods, and procedures relating to Army aviation logistics and contract maintenance
operations. Give daily direction to four GS-12 CORs, 58 Soldier Quality Assurance Representatives (QAR), one

Civilian GS-11 QAR and 199 aviation contract man equivalents (CME). Manage $25 Million dollar Management Decision Package (MDEP)
‘VFHMas the USARPAC COR. Serves as the subject matter expert for policy development, long-range planning, and evaluation of logistics
support and readiness programs for 300+ aviation weapon systems assigned to the USARPAC Theater of Operation. Develops and defends
program budget submissions to Headquarters Department of Army (HQDA) through the Program Objective Memorandum (POM) process,
identifies unfunded program requirements both in the year of execution and out years, submits supplemental aviation logistics Unfinanced
Requirements (UFRs), assesses impact to readiness of funding shortfalls and development of mitigating strategies. Participates in meetings for
the development of long range Army maintenance and logistic goals and objectives. The aviation maintenance contract performs all levels
Field, Sustainment and Depot) of aircraft, aviation supply, maintenance management and Aviation Ground Support Equipment (AGSE)
maintenance. Plan and coordinate annual training courses, TDY’s, contract inspections and surveys. Have supervisory responsibility actions
related to aircraft work flow, team compliments, skill sets, aircraft supply, logistics management, component repair, lifecycle maintenance
management, special tools acquisition and personnel qualifications. Since 2006 have prepared countless annual Senior Service Review Board
(SSRB) packets and info papers for Service Contract Requests (SCR) valued from $183K to $33,000K without a disapproval.
Accomplishments:

co USARPAC G4 Chief Contracting Officer representative of a stand-alone Contract Logistic Support (CLS) contract with Contract Field
Teams (CFT) Tinker AFB, OK valued at $24 Million dollars. Give daily direction to two GS-12 CORs, 58 Soldier Quality Assurance
Representatives (QAR), one Civilian GS-11 QAR and 201 aviation contract personnel funded with $43 Million dollar ceiling MDEP VFHM
in Hawaii, Alaska and Korea, resulting in USARPAC manned aviation assets exceeding DA goals each month in FY19 and readiness 9%
above the Army run AMCOM AFMD enterprise contract average.

1 Develop an annual Fiscal Year (FY) spend plan (briefed to Command Staffs) to project expenditures of VFHM FY funding and perform
day-to-day budget management decisions.

Serves as the subject matter expert for policy development, long-range planning, and evaluation of logistics support and readiness programs
for 300+ aviation weapon systems worth $500 Million dollars assigned to the USARPAC Theater of Operation.

a Serve as the Chief Contracting Officer Representative for $43 Million dollar theater wide aviation Contract Field Teams (CFTs) made up of
as many as 224 contractor personnel in support of the Sustainable Readiness

‘Model (SRM Assesses and coordinates the work of four geographically independent CFT facilities (Alaska, Hawaii, Japan and Korea) within
the USARPAC Theater of Operations, incorporating innovative quality assurance processes into their programs to include Knowledge
‘Management (KM).

co Manage and execute the $25 Million dollar FY 19 spending plan for Aviation Contract Logistics Services (CLS) MDEP with 99.9%
effectiveness, exceeding DA and USARPAC standards, while simultaneously using contracting cost-saving measures to de obligate funds
allowing USARPAC G8 to redistribute them and fund multiple emerging requirements. Operating more efficient than the Amy AMCOM
enterprise maintenance contract.

Aviation Maintenance Quality Control Manager . 02/2018 - 04/2019

AECOM - City. STATE

‘Manager in charge of helicopter phase maintenance, port load & download, scheduled/unscheduled sustainment and field maintenance for
25th CAB, Wheeler Army Airfield. My team conducts in depth aviation maintenance support to facilitate rapid and safe deployment of 25th
Combat Aviation Brigade.

Lead Supervisor AH64D/E aviation maintenance team comprised of 8 mechanics/armament and electricians.

Quality Control Officer responsible for development of flight and ground operating procedures for 48 aviation maintenance personnel. Safety
manager responsible for briefing and data tracking safety incidents. Class9 logistics program manager for aircraft sustainment phase
maintenance and repair parts tracking

Liaison to government COR, GFR and QAR(s) 25th CAB for reporting and coordination of work effort, locations CONUS/OCONUS,
equipment accountability, regulatory adherence to DOD policy and procedures.

Primary coordinator for equipment management and logistic requirements for aviation maintenance and equipment repair (GSE). Scale of
equipment ranges fiom aircraft jacks to aviation ground power units.

Primary responsibility for developing maintenance plans, safety, reviewing and implementing directives, policy and procedure enforcement.
In charge of work affecting acquisition of government funded equipment, distribution and redistribution of required supply, budget (CLIN)
and maintenance support readiness. Review and approve timesheets for employees weekly. Work directly with AMCOMLARs for MERs and
MECs.

Plans, assigns, reviews and accepts or amends work based on government operational needs. My team and I have expert knowledge and
experience pertaining to overhaul, repairs, scheduled and unscheduled maintenance with aircraft CH-47 Chinook, UH-60L/M Blackhawk and
AH-64D Apache. Our work effort is in all mission design and series military aircraft assigned to Hawaii, Alaska and Republic of South
Korea.

Accomplishments:

executes the principles and practices of Total Quality Management. Identifies areas, represent

USARPAC as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) in Asia/Pacific overseas missions. Rated as a Specialized Airlift Evaluator performing missions
to address the competency of foreign carriers to transport DOD personnel or remains in coordination with the Defense POW/MIA Accounting
Agency (DPAA). Work as a SME inspecting the Asia Pacific aviation units evaluating their helicopter logistics & maintenance management
program.

co Implemented a $22 Million dollar Aviation Multi-year service Contract Logistic Support contract separate from The Aviation and Missile
Command which resulted in service contract that was less expensive ($3M), better quality and better functionality for the USARPAC ASCC
which is spread across the INDO Pacific Theater.

co Responsible for planning, managing, and supervising aviation logistics operations on the USARPAC AOR.

co Provide expert analysis with counterparts in PACOM, other ASCCs, and Army MACOMs worldwide. Individuals contacted on a regular
basis are military and civilian managers throughout the employing ASCC headquarters staff elements, other ASCCs or subordinate
commands’ logistics program managers, Army Commands (ACOMs), DOD structure and TPFFD requirements.

‘Maintenance Test Flight Section Chief , 02/2015 - 02/2018

‘US Army Pacific 209th Aviation Support Battalion — City, STATE

‘Maintenance Test Flight Section Chief ME, GFR and COR serving as principle MTP advisor on the Special Staff to the Commander for all
matters pertaining to maintenance contingency planning. Commanders advisor on operations for CONUS and OCONUS pertaining to
Aviation Restructure Initiative (ARI) AH64D fielding, aviation contract maintenance and logistic support operations.

Government Flight Representative (GFR) providing contract oversight to USARPAC G4 of AECOMIURS CFT at WAAF, Hawaii, ensuring
compliance with Contractor Flight and Ground Operation procedures IAW AR 95-20/DCMA 8210-1B. Initiate corrective actions when
needed.

Aviation Special Projects Officer assistant who develops and execute projects and processes for in-depth aircraft maintenance, allowing for an
efficient flow of resources needed to accomplish both scheduled and unscheduled inspections on Brigade aircraft while professionally

 

developing Officers, Soldiers and Civilian employees. Commanders OIC to conduct staff briefings on status of Aviation Support Battalion
readiness and logistics matters pertaining to Class 9 Air budget for aircraft repair parts tracking and distribution for Multi MDS phase
maintenance conducted daily. Current/Active assignment Alternate Contracting Officer Representative for 25th CAB to

USARPAC G4 COR. Responsible for URS contract aviation maintenance performance consisting of 57 contract personnel. Daily
responsibilities include financial management, purchasing, equipment assignment, enforcement of DOD maintenance procedures and aviation
safety measures IAW local SOP/DOD publications and issue of corrective actions (CAR). Expert in performance work statement (PWS),
quality assurance surveillance plans (QASP) and work load agreement (WLA). Lead officer executing contract site survey annually for
DCMA located Wheeler Army Airfield. Served as primary evaluator for this 3 year, $68 million contract under DCMA CFT.

OIC of Flexible Engine Diagnostics Site (FEDS). Upgraded site with AMCOM PM to new diagnostic equipment making site safer and more
efficient. Coordinated upgrade and funding with USARPAC G4. Allows engine run off aircraft for safer, more efficient, cost effective
procedure.

Trusted Agent Security Officer responsible for security clearance investigation coordination for issuance of Common Access Card and Base!
Post access for contracting personnel.

Aviation Materials Officer, 01/2013 - 01/2015

US Army Alaska USARAK -— City, STATE,

Aviation Materials Maintenance Officer, principle advisor on the Special Staff to the Commander for all planning pertaining to maintenance,
logistical requirements, policies, procedures and reporting aircraft readiness. Commander's advisor for aircraft loading for deploymenti/re-
deployment operations.

S4 actions staff officer with $3 to plan and execute vertical hour flying program (VHEP) requirements.

Primary interface between for PM Kiowa Branch, Army Material Command (AMCOM), Field Service Representatives (FSR), Engineers and
Contract Maintenance. Lead Officer establishing policy and procedure for the first fielding of OHS8D divestment with AMCOM for U.S.
Amy Brigades to execute.

OH-S8D Maintenance Evaluator in charge of 10 Maintenance Test Pilots and their development for battalion maintenance/logistics readiness
and current maintenance publications for combat operations and deployment. Enforcement of repair knowledge of all levels including
DEPOT repair (MEC).

Squadron Command Warrant Officer responsible for professional development and training of 72 Warrant Officers. Completed 100 percent
successful HRC job transition for all 72 pilots LAW with Aviation Restructure Initiative from OHS58D to AH64/CH47/UAV and UH60 new
aviation positions.

Quality Assurance Representative to USARAK G4 assigned to monitor aviation maintenance contractors to enforce policy for employee
maintenance procedures. Requirements of work consisted of Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP), Ground Operating Procedure
(GOP) and Performance Work Statement (PWS) LAW DCMA CFT AR 95-20/DCMA 8210-1B and C Korea/Alaska

 

EDUCATION
Associate of Arts: General Studies, 10/1997
Cetral Texas College - Killeen, TX

Commercial Pilot Instrument Rating: Aviation, 07/2000
Federal Aviation Administration - Dothan, AL