SUMMARY

SKILLS

 

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA94105 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Passionate and dedicated Language Arts Teacher adept at developing and implementing multiple lesson
plans that are both rigorous and accessible to all students. Superior strengths in rhetoric , including both
verbal and written communication, planning and problem-solving. Seeking to pursue opportunities with any
organization who values both education and research skills,

Seasoned Teacher with extensive experience with thirty -four years as educator and mentor. Adept at leading
group class and individual sessions with an engaging approach. Advanced understanding of speaking and
written skills

Dedicated educator with advanced knowledge rhetoric of related. Teach topics through in-depth lectures,
discussions and special projects. Smoothly diversify and adapt instruction to serve needs of diverse student
groups. Experience includes meeting the needs of students whose abilities require special needs to the the
most advanced students whose lessons require college level rigor and training in independent thinking
Enthusiastic team player participating in weekly and bi-weekly team meetings to coordinate best practices for
student curriculum , comparing and monitoring data, and creating common assessments and lessons
designed to meet the needs of a multi-cultural and diverse population

+ Grading policy understanding
+ Hands-on learning

‘+ Proficient in Google Classroom and Canvas
+ Classroom management

+ Background in Common Core standards

+ Curriculum implementation ,

+ Professional development

+ Team collaboration

+ Compliance

Licensed in Florida
Student engagement by daily class discussions
and collaborative group activities

Tutoring and assistance during lunch, weekdays
and weekends

Lesson planning according to Common Core
and state standards

Course material preparation for multiple levels of
student groups , including standard , Honors,

and Pre-IB students

Created assessments and evaluations on a

county-wide level to be implemented by all grade

level teachers throughout Orange County

+ Monitored and evaluated student progress
through compilation of data

+ Dispute mediation

+ Enthusiastic Team -Player

+ Customer- and service-oriented

+ Student evaluations
+ Knowledgeable about several learning based = *
platforms

LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER
Union County Public Schools | Monroe, NC.

01/1988 to 01/2020

Created curricula and assessments based on Common Core and state standards
Monitored and evaluated student progress based on significant data

+ Checked student academic progress by completing verbal exercises, grading assignments and using
mandated examinations. Utilized quarterly Progress Reports to aid students and parents in monitoring
student's progress

+ Helped develop strong verbal and written communication skills by leading students through listening,
speaking, reading and writing activities.

‘+ Promoted student growth by encouraging independent thinking, judgment and thought expression.

‘+ Organized and directed specialized weekday and weekend tutoring sessions

+ Explored deeper meanings behind texts through lively classroom discussions and challenging essay
assignments.

‘+ Managed classrooms and taught students core principles and advanced concepts of close reading
strategies, research and informational and argumentative writing.

‘+ Compiled multidimensional cultural and educational resources for students to expand knowledge of key
topics beyond classroom limitations

‘+ Developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning media to increase student
understanding of course materials.

‘+ Performed student background reviews to ascertain learning deficiencies and strengths to develop
tailored lessons based on student needs

+ Created immersive activities and utilized a variety of online student learning platforms to enhance
instruction.

+ Achieved consistently high scores for all students on state reading and writing tests

+ Developed lesson plans to teach course materials according to schedule.

+ Developed and maintained effective frameworks, standards and requirements.

SACES ASSOCIATE 01/1983 to 07/1984

The Paradies Shops | Fletcher, NC
+ Processed orders through system and coordinated product deliveries
‘+ Offered product and service consultations and employed up selling techniques
+ Collaborated with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.
+ Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application
‘+ Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success
toward common sales, service and operational goals.
+ Recommended merchandise to customers based on needs and preferences.

LACGUAGE ARTS TEACHER

Union County Public Schools | Monroe, NC.

+ Developed and maintained effective frameworks, standards and requirements.
+ Managed classrooms and taught students core principles and advanced concepts of literature, rhetoric

and writin
+ Created and enforced child-based hands-on curriculum to promote student interest and receptive
learning
‘+ Provided continuous evaluation of program operations as compared with established mission and set
parameters.

Bachelor of Arts 06/1978

Florida International University, Miami, FL.
‘+ Major in English Literature and minor in philosophy
+ GPA35

AnOrican And English Literature
Barry University, Miami, FL
two years of coursework toward Masters in Literary Criticism and Rhetoric

Continual Professional Development training and classes both onsite and online to meet the needs of a
technologically advanced and culturally diverse curriculum every year

Summers working with county leaders designing and evaluating state and county assessments to meet the
changing common core and state standards. These assessments were then incorporated into the appropriate
grade level classrooms across Orange County

Over one hundred hours in course work to institute Robert Marzano's Instructional Strategies into the
classroom

Over twenty hours in training and coursework to incorporate ESE strategies into all classroom settings

Alll evaluations scored "highly effective”

Many observations scored as "innovative"

Worked solely over the past few years with web based learning management platforms such as Google
Classroom, Canvas, Progress Book , and Skyward

‘These platforms include posting : assignments and their descriptions, test, quizzes, assessments, attendance,
grading student work , and commenting for student improvement

Consistently had one of the highest test scores for both FSA Reading and Writing tests ( as well as former
FCAT scores) in the school

Designed curriculum for the Pre-IB ( International Baccalaureate ) who are regarded among the top 10%
ranking students

Initiated and participated in every year with students in a variety of community service projects

Cosponsored a community service club for three years