JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Executive Prorme

 

Tam currently looking for new challenges in the accounting field

Thave over twenty eight years of experience in accounting and finance. I also have experience in human resources and benefits management.

Tam a highly motivated individual who enjoys working with others. I have spent my entire career in the accounting profession. I have
experience from entry level bookkeeping through executive management. I offer many years of experience and knowledge in accounts
receivables, payables, payroll and general ledger.

Thave expertise in all aspects of tax management. This includes sales, payroll and income tax preparation.

PRoFEssIONAL EXPERIENCE

09/2014 to Current

08/2007 to Current

1991 to 07/2014

05/1986 to 1991

Epucation

 

Accountant

Altivia — Crosby, TX

Human resources manager and accountant of petroleum distributor with annual sales in excess of ten million dollars.
Responsible for all financial reporting for company, including but not limited to preparation of internal financial
statements, motor fuels taxes and sales taxes for several states. Responsible for oversight and implementation of human
resources and benefits packages. Also responsible for accounts payable and oversight of accounts receivables and all
related reconciliations and audits.

 

Treasurer

City Of Las Cruces — Las Cruces, NM

Treasurer of church. Responsible for preparation of budgets, payroll, including all tax reporting and bank relationships
Also responsible for weekly offering reconciliation and contribution reporting.

Controller

Arconic — Lancaster, PA.

Controller of petroleum distributor with annual sales in excess of one hundred million dollars. Responsible for all
financial reporting for company, including but not limited to preparation of financial statements, income tax, payroll and
payroll tax reporting, motor fuels taxes and sales tax. Responsible for oversight and implementation of human resources
and benefits packages. Also responsible for accounts payable and oversight of accounts receivables and all related
reconciliations and audits

Bookkeeper/Data Entry

Hamilton Oil Company — City, STATE

Bookkeeper/Data Entry Clerk. Responsible for data entry for both accounts receivables and accounts payable for a
petroleum distributor. Also responsible for payroll and general ledger as well as tax reporting.

 

1986

Bachelor of Science: Business-Finance
irginia Polytechic Institute and State University - Blacksburg, VA