JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

« Ten years of experience in Software Industry
‘© With a Master's degree in Computer Science, I have a complete understanding of the full life cycle of a software development project.
« During my full-time experience at Oracle, USA, I have gained hands on experience with ‘Application Servers’ and ‘Fusion Middleware!

components

# Worked extensively in "Selenium Automation" as well as developed web applications using J2EE, WebServices. I am very good at
Jeamning new technologies as and when needed
« Expertise in developing test cases for Unit Testing, Integration Testing and System Testing.

 

 

Apache Server
* Application Servers: WebSphere, Weblogic, Tomcat/Apache

 

Cucumber(BDD), Page Object Model(POM), Log4j, JSON, ‘* Web Tools and Languages: JSP, XML, HTML,
AJAX, REST API, Postman, Extent Report, Maven, Jenkin, QTP, ¢ GUI: AWT, Swing, Visual Basic

 

SoapUL, Jira + JOE Patterns: Service Locator, Singleton, Proxy, Front

+ Version Control System: Git, GitHub, Bitbucket Controller, DAO, Session Facade, Transfer Object, View Helper

* Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Python * Oracle Fusion Middleware components: Oracle SOA Suite,

* Database Tools: Oracle, MS Access, Oracle WebCenter, Business activity monitoring, Webtier, BPEL
MySQL,ORM,Hibernate,IPA Process Manager, Oracle Universal Content Management, Oracle

+ J2EE: Java, Servlets, EIB,INDIJDBC Enterprise Manager

« IDE: Eclipse, Jdeveloper

‘Worx History

09/2007 to 09/2015,

08/2006 to 12/2006

01/2005 to 07/2005

08/2003 to 12/2003

Epucation

 

Software Developer
Smart Software Solutions, Inc — Las Vegas, NV

Project : Oracle Fusion Middleware (FMW)

Oracle Fusion Middleware is designed to support development, deployment, and management of Service-Oriented
Architecture(SOA). It includes what Oracle calls "Hot-Pluggable" architecture, which allows users to leverage existing
investments in applications and systems from other software vendors such as IBM, Microsoft, and SAP AG.

 

My responsibilities at Oracle America,I1
Design, develop, troubleshoot and test softwares.

Write test plans, test cases, and perform manual and automated testing

Fixes bugs on hardware platforms, including Linux and Windows.

Performs install testing for Fusion Middleware products

Performs configuration testing for Oracle application server releases.

Interacts with development, release, and Product Management to obtain functional requirements and code fixes.
Perform functional testing on SOA and Webcenter components.

Perform automation using python javascript.

Develops projects using Jdeveloper.

Recommend future directions of software product releases and help establish product policy.

 

Scenarios executed by me at Oracle America,Inc. :
Create/Extend domains using FMW components like SOA, BAM, Webcenter (servers used are Weblogic/ Websphere)
Install/Configure Oracle database and load/manage schemas for each component using Repository Creation Utility
(ecu)

Configure unicast/multicast CLUSTERS by distributing servers across remote machines or in localhost

Associate domains with extemal LDAP by migrating/reassociating policy & credential stores. And manage user roles.
Wire all the components to WEBTIER and use OHS port to access my component's home page.

Develop/deploy applications to servers/clusters using WLST, EM & JDeveloper

Monitor/Manage the entire domain (servers/applications) using Enterprise Manager (EM),

Perform automation using DTE(Distributed Topology Environment) by constructing topologies and executing ADE
commands.

 

 

Environment

java (J2EE), XML, Linux, Java Script, Python, Oracle,

 

‘Semester Long Master's Degree Project
Smart Software Solutions, Inc — Pierre. SD.

Project : Banking application

Developed Banking application using MVC architecture.

This application was developed using Java/I2ee based on the MVC architecture.

It has several modules such as Login, Registration, Money Transfer and Mini statement.

The data in database is managed effectively using RDBMS, J2EE and JDBC.

The Servlet (controller) manages the flow of application. Some custom Exceptions also handled.

Servlet filters are used here to filter the URL requests in the application.

java, J2EE (Servlet, JSP), Tomcat, XML, HTML, Java Script,#MVC, Mysql, SQL, PL/SQL, AWT GUI

 

Environment
and Swing GUL

 

Software Developer
Amna Silicon Technology, India — City, STATE

Project: Sales and Service Management

Tt was designed and developed the using J2SE, J2EE, Struts and Oracle technologies. It has couple of modules such as
Sales Management, Customer Management, Inventory, Service Management, and Administration

 

 

Respon: es:
Involved in Analysis, design, development and testing of the database.

Implemented design pattems - DTO, DAO, and Singleton

Patterns.

JavaScript implemented using validation field Implemented MVC architecture using Struts framework.

DTO, DAO implemented as data services for the application and implemented exception handling for the application.
Implemented Data Source to connect the data base as connection pooling and implemented stored procedures for the
data base operations.

 

Environment
Java (J2SE, J2EE), Struts, ISP, Servlets, EJB, HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle.

Internship Student
Larsen And Toubro (L&T), India — City, STATE
‘onstruction Enterprise Management (CeMa)

 

Proj

CeMa was designed and developed the using VB and Oracle technologies. CeMa has modules such as Construction

Management, Sales Management, Inventory Management, Salary Management, Service Management, and
Administration,

Responsibility:
Developed GUI (Graphical User Interface) and technical specification of Construction Enterprise Management, a
business management system, for third-party vendors.

  

Visual Basic, Oracle.

Environment

 

 

‘Master of Science: Computer Science
‘Iinois Institute of Technology - Chicago, IL.

Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology : Computer Science
‘University of Madras - Chennai, India

IBM Mainframe Training Programme
‘Maxsoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd. - Chennai, India