Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Summary
Thave twenty years of experience in the implementation, management, leadership and counseling development projects and
environmental management; working with governmental, non-governmental organizations and international development
assistance agencies, For more than nine years working in the Office of the United Nations Development Programs in Cuba, allowing
me to have a more analytical and international vision in my professional training. In my last job in Cuba, I was hired by the Swiss
Agency for Development Cooperation as an independent consultant on innovation, agricultural development and environmental
management. I have academic experience as a teacher. Ihave been tutor and opponent of development issues, environmental
management and environmental education. More than 30 years participating in field expeditions in different natural environments
including marine and underground ecosystems.Since December 2014 I live in USA, I have a work permit and I am in the process of
obtaining the USA residency. I also have the Report of Evaluation of Educational Credentials by Josef Silny & Associates, Inc.
Highlights

Experience and knowledge on finance, accountability and

development projects administration. I have expertise in results-

based management, management of funds, procurement process,

technical and administrative management of development

projects. I feel comfortable working as a part of a team and have

multitasking skills. Knowledge and practice on environmental

management of protected marine, rural and urban areas as well as

in strategic planning of environmental resources, focusing on the

management and development of innovative solutions. can

actively organize integrated management of programs and

projects in institutions with a focus on environmental

sustainability; coordinate and manage teams of specialist training

and organization of networks. I have experience in the academic

field and teaching at the university level, Ihave worked on

various consulting, assessments associated with development

projects. [have analytical capacity for interpreting contexts,

organizational development and financial management. High

capacity for managing tasks and projects on the field. Skills in the

area of knowledge management, evaluation and monitoring of

development projects. [have extensive experience with Microsoft

and others software solutions tools.
Accomplishments
Experience

Executive Coordinator of the INNOVACUBA Program , 05/2014 to 07/2015

Swiss Agency For Development And Cooperation (SDC) In Cuba - City, STATE

The INNOVACUBA Program is an Initiative that seeks to boost innovation and scale the results of projects based on alliances and
synergies between them. Itis a process of articulation of different interventions to achieve a link between innovation and economic
development and thus achieve superior results than those planned for each particular project and for the cooperation strategies of
SDC and other donors that are integrated into the process. Among the main projects and programs involved are: * Program for
Local Agricultural Innovation, PIAL. It covers 11 provinces and 45 municipalities of the country, with 80,000 producers benefited. *
Biomass as a renewable source of energy for the rural environment, BIOMAS. It promotes integrated food production and renewable
energy. It covers 5 provinces and 6 municipalities, benefiting 425 cooperatives. * Environmental Bases for Local Food Sustainability
(BASAL), works to adapt agricultural production to climate change in 8 provinces and 33 municipalities. 25,000 producers benefit. ©
Support Project for Sustainable Agriculture in Cuba. PAAS, works in 7 provinces and 9 municipalities, the development of value
chains of honey, fruits and organic vegetables. It benefits 244 producers. * Support to the creation of second degree cooperatives in
the agricultural sector in Cuba, APOCOOP, Works in 3 provinces and 4 municipalities. 65 cooperatives benefit. * AGROCADENAS -
Development of agro-food chains at the local level; With an amount of 5,000,000 Swiss francs, it seeks to improve food security by
increasing local production and streamlining processing and marketing processes. It supports three key agri-food chains (grains,
cow’s milk and beef), benefiting 10'000 producers and indirectly to more than 1.6 million inhabitants of the selected municipalities.

Program Officer-Evaluation, Monitoring and Knowledge Management. Environm.and Energy Portfolio, 09/2012 to 01/2014

Office Of The United Nations Development Programme In Cuba - City, STATE

Program Officer for the Evaluation, Monitoring and Knowledge Management of the Projects of the Environment and Energy
Portfolio,

The themes addressed and projects that I monitored were multiple, highlighting the following: -Projects: * GEF-UNDP Project
Invasive Alien Species (Capacity Building for the Study, Control and Sustainable management of invasive alien species.) * EU-SDC
Project Environmental Bases for Local Food Sustainability (Support of science and innovation for the adaptation of agricultural
production to climate change in the management of livestock, Rice in selected municipalities and provinces) . * GEF-UNDP project
for sustainable management of the Sabana-Camagiiey archipelago. Phase III. (Sustainable management of biodiversity in selected
productive sectors: agriculture, livestock, forestry, fisheries and tourism) * GEF-UNDP project for sustainable land management.
(Policy development and introduction of agricultural methodologies and practices that promote sustainable land management under
an integrated approach to forest, water and soil resources management). * GEF-UNDP Southern Archipelago Project. (Sustainable
Management of Marine-Coastal Biodiversity, Promotion of Marine Protected Areas and Areas under Sustainable Fisheries
Management Regimes, Development of Pilot Projects in Communities). Topics: * Economic valuation of environmental goods and
services * Promotion of alliances and projects in favor of energy efficiency and the use of renewable energy sources * Adaptation to
climate change and mitigation actions * Gender mainstreaming in environment and energy projects * Capacity building, knowledge

management, networking *

Technical and administrative assistant-PDD-GEF, 05/2005 to 08/2012

United Nations Office For Project Services (UNOPS) - City, STATE

Small Grants Program (PPD), Global Environment Facility (GEF). Office of the United Nations Program in Cuba (2005-2012). -
Technical and administrative assistant to the PDD-GEF. Direct technical support in the formulation, analysis, implementation and
follow-up of 54 projects in communities and agricultural cooperatives in 9 provinces of the country in the areas of biodiversity,
sustainable land management, climate change, international waters and persistent organic pollutants. Supporting communities in
building capacity, for a better understanding of environmental problems and sustainable management of their natural resources,
thus contributing to reduce threats to the local and global environment from specific actions in the thematic areas of the Program.
Dynamics of knowledge management favoring the transfer and appropriation of results of science and innovation both nationally
and internationally in the management and sustainable management of natural resources and agricultural production and
marketing. More than 90% of these projects in rural communities and under an approach of agroecological management of the
productive systems, Coordination and support to the entire chain of procurement of goods and services, as well as management and
management of financial resources and purchased inputs. Production of materials for the systematization of knowledge. Creation of

audiovisual products.

Expert in Environmental Management. Biodiversity and Environmental Education Program, 09/2004 to 04/2005
Foundation Antonio Niifiez Jiménez, Nature And Man - City, STATE

Accompaniment of projects and actions in favor of community environmental management. Courses, conferences and support to the

 

design of environmental campaigns.

Expert in Environmental Management., 05/2000 to 08/2004

Directory Of Environment Of The Ministry Of Science, Technology And Environment - City, STATE

Coordination of national processes such as the updating of the National Environmental Strategy and participation in the
international processes of environmental negotiation coordinated by the UN denominated Rio + 10 and of the Small Island States -
Barbados + 10. Control and follow up of environmental work in territories, entities and Institutions; Coordination of environmental
cooperation of CITMA with NGOs and civil society entities with an environmental profile. Design and preparation of the campaign
for World Environment Day. Accredited Supervisor. Advice and collaboration in projects of environmental education and local
community development. Member of the Coordinating Board of the GEF / UNEP Project Global Environmental Citizenship and
collaborator in the Habitat / UNEP Project of Replication of Agendas 21 and Geo Cities. I serve as a reserve and substitute for the
Director. Information, Management and Environmental Education Center of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment
(1995-2000) Control and follow-up to the implementation of the National Environmental Education Strategy as well as the work of
education In territories, entities and institutions. Coordination of the environmental work cooperation of the Environment Agency
with NGOs and civil society entities with an environmental profile. Design and preparation of the campaign for World Environment
Day. Design, execution and control of environmental education projects. Coordinator of the Environmental Education Objective and
member of the GEF / UNDP Project Committee Sabana-Camagiiey. Counseling and collaboration with local community development
projects. Participation in the design of the National Strategy for Biological Diversity and the National Program to Combat
Desertification and Drought.

Expert in Environmental Management., 02/1995 to 05/2000

Center For Information, Management And Environmental Education.Ministry Science And Environment - City, STATE

Control and follow-up to the implementation of the National Environmental Education Strategy as well as environmental education
work in territories, entities and institutions. Coordination of the environmental work cooperation of the Environment Agency with
NGOs and civil society entities with an environmental profile. Design and preparation of the campaign for World Environment Day.
Design, execution and control of environmental education projects. Coordinator of the Environmental Education Objective and
member of the GEF / UNDP Project Committee Sabana-Camagiiey. Counseling and collaboration with local community development
projects. Participation in the design of the National Strategy for Biological Diversity and the National Program to Combat
Desertification and Drought. I serve as reserve and substitute for the Director and I was appointed Head of the Department of

Environmental Education when it was created.

Researcher Department Plant Virology, 08/1992 to 02/1994
National Center For Agricultural And Livestock Health — City, STATE

Istarted working in 1992 as a job training in the Department of Plant Virology of the National Plant Protection Center. Preparation as
a Scientific Reserve (internship in other research centers and Postgraduate courses). Design and development of experiments in

research lines prioritized in the field of plant virology, particularly in garlic (Allium sativum).
Education

Bachelor of Science: Agricultural Engineer, 1992
Agrarian University of Havana - San Jose de Las Lajas, Havana

Graduated in as Agricultural Engineer

Master of Science: Ecology, 1999
Institute of Ecology and Systematics - Havana

Skills

Expert in strategic planning and environmental management of development, as well as in integral management of development
programs and projects, management and management of institutions and work teams, formation and organization of networks,
establishment of alliances and relations with donors and partners, analysis and Context interpretation, organizational development,
financial management. Direct implementation of project field. Management and direct development of projects in urban and rural
communities, Expert in agroecology. Experience in the evaluation and monitoring of projects as well as in the management of

knowledge management with skills in the design of communication strategies and the creation of audiovisual products.