SUMMARY

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION
AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

CERTIFICATI
ONS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (855) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

1.7+ years of SAP experience, working with Implementation, rollout and Support projects.
2. Very good knowledge on order to cash (OTC) processes.

3. Closely Worked with MM and Fl on integration with 8D.

4. Well versed with the usage of ASAP methodology - scoping, project preparation, business bive printing, realization. final
preparation, go-live and continuous suppor.

5. Expertise in document types, condition techniques, Pricing Procedures, Output Determination, item Category determination,
Schedule line determination, Pariner determination, Revenue Account determination, Credit Management and Billing
documents.

6. Pricing Experience: Configuration of Condition Types, Condition Tables and Access Sequences, Creation of Condition Records.
7. Configuration of Customer Master, Material Master, Pricing, and Bil of Material (OM). and creating the required Number
Ranges for further processing when processing the Sales Document Types.

8. “Good understanding of Availability check and Transfer of Requirements

9. Experience in different types of order processes ike Rush order, Cash Sole, Return Order, Credit memo, debit memo and Free
Goods.

10. Extensive knowledge on Special Sales Scenarios Viz., Consignment Sale, Stock Transfers, Third Party Order, Inter & intra
Company Sales.

Integrated the Customer EDI requirements and created pariner profiles for different EDIs.

11. Created Pariner functions and assigned them to the existing Partner determination procedure as per business requirement
12, Designed ond developed standard IDOC changes fo custom IDOC fo meet the customer requirements, tested the changes
and involved in addressing the go live issues.

13. Worked extensively on configuration, Unit & Integration Testing, End-User Training. User Acceptance Test, Documentation and
Production Support.

SAP Sales and Distribution SAP Customer master
SAP Order to Cosh Pricing Condition Techniques
SAP ECC, Does

SAP SD CONSULTANT 09/2016 to CURRENT
Accenture Contractor Jobs | Farmington, CT

Tile - Hal mark IT development/support offshore for Hallmark Card's, Inc.
Period - Offshore (March 2014 ~ Apri 2018)

Onshore (ApH 2018 ~ ill date]

Client Name - Hallmark Card's, Inc.,

Position SAP SD Consultant

Responsibilities

1. Active team member

2. Application support and maintenance

3. Providing permanent fixes for recurring abnormal ends.

Carried out the following activities:

End fo End application support on a 24*7 support

Incident monitoring in ticketing tool

Analyze detects ond track them and identify the root cause of the isue.

Provided permanent fixes for recurring abnormal ends.

Identifying GAPS in different SAP OTC/MTI areas and initiate Process improvement as a GAP analysis.

Regular discussion with the client and co-ordinate with offshore team to deliver 100% enor free delivery
Delivering the project as per schedule deadlines ond maintenance suppor to the client.

Co-ordinate with the respective stakeholders ond dive the project to successful completion

Compiling and writing Functional documentation of new requirements and changes and subsequent revisions.

SAP SD COI

 

OILTANT 07/2018 to 02/2016
Accenture Contractor Jobs | Fort Dix, NJ

Tile - PRI Patching Project
Period - June 2015 February 2018

Client - British Petroleum

Location - Kolkata, Indio

Position - SAP SD Consultant

Responsibilities

1. Active team member

2. Testing new Changes in different envionment

3. Interface testing with SAP with third-party Applications

Carried out the following activities:

Baseline Configuration for OTC process.

Coordinating tickets/defects & assign fo the process team in the marvel tool.
Output Configuration- Output Determination using Condition Technique.
Pricing Configuration ~ Create Condition Table, Maintain Access sequence.
Maintain Base Price Report.

Configuring Incompletion Log

Unit Testing of the newly implemented changes

Tile “Voyager” Heineken

Period November 2014—May 2015

Client Name - Heineken

Carried out the following

Baseline Configuration for OTC process.

Coordinating tickets/defects & assign to the process team in the marvel tool
Output Configuration- Output Determination using Condition Technique.
Pricing Configuration ~ Create Condition Table, Maintain Access sequence.
Maintain Base Price Report.

Configuring Incompletion Log

Unit Testing of the newly implemented changes

Position - SAP SD Consultant

Responsibilities

1. Active Team member

2. Defect Analyst

Title - Friestand Campina

Period - July 2013 to October 2014.

Client Name - Friesland Compina

Position - SAP SD Consultant

Responsibilities

Requirement analysis of the application to be developed.

Understanding and Designing of Use Case, Class & Sequence Diagram,
Building application.

Unit Testing.

system Testing.

Carried out the following

End fo End Scenario testing of the OTS/O1D tests Scripts.

Identifying proper master data in different markets/Systems for the Test
Seriots

Performing Environment Checkup for new Environment & Analyzing
defects in IC Testing.

Performed Environment Health Checkup for ECC & EWM interface.

Master Dota Validation before & after Technical GO-Live.

 

SAP SD CONOUTANT 11/2010 fo 07/2013,

Accenture Contractor Jobs | Gaithersburg, MD

Providing the solutions for user making mistakes
Parlicipating the month end & year end activities in country version India

‘As a SD Consultant with the live implementation core team.

Involved in the ASHS study of Organization structure and business re-engineering process.

Configured the baseline configuration of the Organization structure and prepared documentation.

Worked with the Gap Analysis, suggesting altemative solutions for the gaps in the form of developments.

Defining and assigning the Enterprise structure with documentation.

Creation and customization of customer master records.

Configuration of relevant Sales Documents ike Inquiry, Quotation, Sales Order and customized ther utilities os per End user request
Configuration of Various Basic Functions in Sales and Distribution ike Incompletion logs, Text determination, Pariner determination,
Material determination,

Worked with Pricing (Condition Records, Condition Types, Condition Tables, Access Sequence and Pricing Procedures}
Formviating the end user training for SD module in SAP R/S, which included preparing End user Manuals and imparting classroom
raining,

Bachelor of Information Technology | Information Technology 07/2010
Vidya Jyothi Institute of Technology, Hyderabad, India

English Hindi:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
Assamese: Bengali

Negotiated: Negotiated:

SAP Certified Application Associate - Sales and Distribution, ERP 6.0 Enp7