PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

CERTIFICATIONS

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

EDUCATION

AFFILIATIONS

PUBLICATIONS

LANGUAGES

SKILLS

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Ihave successfully written proposals during my doctoral and masters training Laboratory management: | have
managed an Immunology lab, and assisted in the management, maintenance of 2 other laboratories Project
management: | have successfully helped managed one project to completion during my master's studies. | am
currently actively involved in managing the immunology arm of one study for my doctoral studies Research
ethics: | am experienced in dealing with human subjects, recruiting subjects and obtaining informed consent
Review of scientific literature: | have conducted traditional and systematic reviews of scientific literature
Laboratory Skills Biobanking: | am proficient in processing biological samples for short/long-term storage. |
have managed 2 biobanks and designed and implemented a biobank system Cell culture: | am proficient in
culturing of human Cord and Peripheral Mononuclear Cells. | have experience in maintaining cells in culture
and manipulation of cultured cells Collection & processing of biological samples: | am proficient in collecting
and processing biological samples for laboratory analysis Flow cytometry: | have received basic training in the
maintenance, assay development, and operation of a FACS system Histology and IHC: | am proficient in
processing biological tissues for analysis and preservation/storage. | have prepared and fixed placental
biopsies Immunoassays: | have used ELISA and bead immunoassays in the MAGPIX Luminex Platform to
detect and quantify serum, plasma and cell culture supernatant biomarkers in single and multiplex formats
Molecular techniques: | can perform DNA/RNA isolation and quantification; Gel electrophoresis, Conventional
and Real-Time Polymerase Chain Reaction and Sanger sequencing Interpersonal Skills Communication,
writing & presentation: | have presented my research work to colleagues and at peer-reviewed conferences. |
have published one original article, submitted two, and | am currently writing three original articles
Coordination, planning, time management, organization & multitasking: | completed my master's studies, and
successfully designed and implemented a biobank system during my doctoral work within time Computing: |
am proficient in word processing, creating presentations, internet, email, publishing and managing
bibliographies Team player: | successfully integrated into the research community at both USAMRD-K and
Case Western Reserve University and worked well in these research groups.

Basic introduction to Biosafety and Biosecurity: Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative. January 2018

+ Guest services + Loss prevention
‘+ Inventory control procedures + Cash register operations
‘+ Merchandising expertise + Product promotions

RESEARCH ASSOCIATE 01/2017 to CURRENT

Danaher | Las Vegas, NV

+ Ihave successfully adapted to a different culture and environment when | moved to the United States of
‘America

‘+ | switched from HIV-Malaria research to Maternal and Child Health research

‘+ Working under own initiative: | have been solely responsible for managing biobank and data from all the
experiments during my master's study and now for my doctoral work.

75

REQEARCH OFFICER/LAB MANAGER 09/2014 to 11/2016
Children's National Medical Center

‘+ Technical oversight and day-to-day management of experiments for the OPP1066865: Bill and Melinda
Gates Foundation Healthy Growth Award: Enhancing Infant Immunity: Effect of Early Maternal Treatment
for Parasitic Infections study Oversaw day-to-day administrative aspects of the study including
preparation of work plans, budgets and financial reports, training students, senior staff, and visitors;
coordinating shipping and various other management needs with national and international
collaborators Developed the study documents and tools for the immunology lab in collaboration with the
site manager, to ensure timely and robust execution of the study Provided oversight in the recruitment
of study participants, adherence to study standard operating procedures, collection and labeling of
study samples and entry of data in the study database Identified and characterized Plasmodium
species, using 18sRNA deep amplicon sequencing Isolated peripheral and cord blood mononuclear
cells, activated and maintained these cells in culture Employed magnetic cell sorting and fluorescence
activated cell sorting to isolate and characterize peripheral and cord blood mononuclear cell
populations Used Elisa's and multiplexed bead immunoassays to generate the cytokine profiles and
characterize changes in Pneumococcal, Haemophilus Influenza, Diphtheria and Tetanus Toxoid vaccine
response in newborns after exposure to parasites in Utero Generated and disseminated the study
monthly and quarterly progress reports to the study team, the principal investigator and co-investigators
Generated results to form logical conclusions analysed and modeled experimental data using STATA
and GraphPrism software for writing scientific manuscripts for publication.

‘+ Reviewed the development and implementation of lab safety and QA/QC procedures

GFCADUATE TRAINEE/RESEARCH ASSISTANT 08/2012 to 08/2014
United States Army

‘+ Medical Research Directorate-Kenya (USAMRD-K) - Kisumu, Kenya Responsibilities Designed and ran
‘experiments for the "Discontinuation of trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole prophylaxis in adults on
antiretroviral therapy in Kenya: a randomized trial" study.

‘+ Clinical Trials Registration NCT01425073 Conducted various laboratory procedures such as DNA/RNA
isolation and quantification: Gel electrophoresis; Conventional and Real-Time Polymerase Chain
Reaction Identified and characterized Plasmodium species, using 18SRNA deep amplicon sequencing
Sequenced Plasmodium genome by Capillary Electrophoresis on the 3130-genetic analyzer platform
Developed SOPS, reviewed and updated assay protocols Assisted in day to day laboratory
management, maintenance of equipment & ordering of supplies Contributed to on-the-job training of
new students & staff members Managed the study data base, analysed the generated data using
STATA, wrote and published a manuscript Oversaw safety and quality compliance in various laboratory
sections Member of the quality management committee team mandated with steering the lab to attain
1s0:15189.

REQEARCH ASSISTANT 09/2011 to 12/2011
Kenya Agricultural Research Institute | Kenya

+ Extracted DNA from the Kenyan wheat (Triticum Aestivum) Performed conventional PCR using
sequence-tagged sites (STS) and microsatellite markers.

‘+ Assisted in identification of genes of interest in wheat (insect resistance to the Russian wheat aphid,
resistance to the Ug99 strain of stem rust),

‘+ Assisted in identification of high molecular weight gluten in Kenyan wheat (Triticum Aestivum) genotypes
using PCR-generated markers.

‘+ Assisted in day to day laboratory management, maintenance of equipment & ordering of supplies.

Ph.D | Biomedical Science and Technology PRESENT
Maseno University

Biomedical Science and Technology Thesis proposal: The effects of malaria in pregnancy on infant immunity
to malaria and responses to standard childhood vaccines. Advisor: Dr. Malhotra Indu

Miter of Science | Medical Immunology 2016
Maseno University

Medical Immunology Title of the thesis: Effects of Cotrimoxazole withdrawal on Plasmodium Falciparum
parasitemia prevalence, parasite density and multiplicity of infection in HIV-infected individuals with immune
recovery following antiretroviral treatment in Homabay County. Advisor: Dr. John Waitumbi

Bz0helor of Science | Biochemistry and Molecular Biology 2011
Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology

Biochemistry and Molecular Biology All degrees have been evaluated and deemed equivalent to degrees
from United States accredited institutions by the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services
(NACE)

Bicmedical Research Support Personnel Course: Collaborative Institutional Training JANUARY 2018
Initiative.

“Ircroduction to Quality Management Systems | and Il: Clinical and Laboratory Standard MAY 2017
Institute/ United States Army Medical Research Directorate-Kenya. January 2014, April 2014 *Safety
Training modules (General Lab Safety, Hazard Communications, Blood-Borne Pathogens and
Sharps Safety, Fire Safety): United States Army Medical Research Directorate- Kenya. September
2014, April 2014 “Intern: African Medical Research Foundation (AMREF)

Since the early 2012, | have devoted my efforts to better understand the risk factors and long-term health
consequences of endemic parasitic infections and their interplay with HIV disease. Currently, my doctoral work
focuses in advancing fundamental knowledge of the how parasitic infections of pregnant mothers affect the
developing fetal immune system, interfering with response to parasite related and unrelated antigens in early
life. | have a diverse research background that includes Immunology and host cell response to parasitic
infections, molecular biology, and Quality Management Systems

Peer Reviewed Articles Claire, R.. Polyak, C., Guyah, B., Singa, B., Nyataya, J., Yuhas, K., John-Stewart, G.,
‘Waitumbi, J.: Malaria Parasitemia and Parasite Density in Antiretroviral-Treated HIV-infected Adults Following
Discontinuation of Cotrimoxazole Prophylaxis. The Journal of Infectious Disease (2016) 215 (1): 88-94 Juma,
D., Muiruri, P, Yuhas, K., John-Stewart, G., Claire, R., Waitumbi, J., Singa, B., Polyak, C., Kamau, E.: The
Prevalence and Antifolate Drug Resistance Profiles of Plasmodium species in Subjects Randomized to
Discontinue or Continue Cotrimoxazole Prophylaxis (2018). Manuscript submitted to International Journal for
Parasitology Claire, R., Nyakundi, R., Mukoko, D., Mutuku, F, LaBeaud, D., King, C, Malhotra, |: Malaria in
pregnancy: Impact of microscopic and, sub-microscopic infections on newborn children's cord blood immune
responses (2018). Manuscript submitted to Journal of Infectious Diseases Claire, R., Nyakundi, R., Mukoko,
D., Mutuku, F, LaBeaud, D.. King, C, Malhotra, |: Effect of antenatal malarial infections, on infant T-cell
responses to parasite-specific and vaccine antigens at birth and later in childhood. manuscript in preparation
Nyakundi, R., Claire, R., Mukoko, D., Mutuku, F, LaBeaud, D., King, C, Malhotra, |: Altered immune
responses by prenatal exposure to maternal co-infection. manuscript in preparation Peer-reviewed platform
presentations Claire, R., Nyakundi, R., Mukoko, D., Mutuku, F., LaBeaud, D., King, C, Malhotra, |: Fetal
Immunity to malaria: Subject to timing of in utero exposure and treatment? The Global Health & Infectious
Disease (GHID) Research Conference, Center for Global Health & Diseases, Case Western Reserve
University. 2017 Claire, R., Nyakundi, R., Mukoko, D., Mutuku, F, LaBeaud, D., King, C, Malhotra, |: Breaking
the walls of fetal immune priming. Falling Walls Lab Nairobi. 2016 Claire, R., Polyak, C., Guyah, B., Singa, B.,
Nyataya, J., Yuhas, K., John-Stewart, G., Waitumbi, J.: Malaria Parasitemia, and Parasite Density in
Antiretroviral-Treated HIV Infected Adults Following Discontinuation of Cotrimoxazole Prophylaxis. 6th Kenya
Medical Research Institute (KEMRI) Annual Scientific and Health Conference (KASH). 2016 Claire, R.,
Nyakundi, R., Mukoko, D., Mutuku, F., LaBeaud, D., Malhotra, |., King, C.: Effects of antenatal parasitic
infections, on infant T- cell responses to parasite-specific and vaccine antigens at birth and later in childhood
2nd Kwale County Scientific conference, Mombasa, Kenya. 2015 Peer-reviewed poster presentations Claire,
R., Nyakundi, R., Mukoko, D., Mutuku, F, LaBeaud, D., King, C, Malhotra, |. Influences of microscopic, sub-
microscopic infection on cord blood immune responses. 66th Annual Meeting of the American Society of
Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, the Baltimore Convention Centre, Baltimore, Maryland. 2017 Claire, R.,
Nyakundi, R., Mukoko, D., Mutuku, F., LaBeaud, D., King, C, Malhotra, |: Is timing of in utero exposure key to
preventing fetal priming? 65th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene,
Atlanta Marriott Marquis and Hilton, Atlanta, Georgia. 2016 Claire, R., Polyak, C., Guyah, B., Singa, B.,
Nyataya, J., Yuhas, K., John-Stewart, G., Waitumbi, J.: Malaria Parasitemia, and Parasite Density in
Antiretroviral-Treated HIV Infected Adults Following Discontinuation of Cotrimoxazole Prophylaxis. 64th Annual
Meeting of the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, Philadelphia, PA, 2015

English, Swahili

Data management & analysis: | have acquired, handled and managed large sets of data during my doctoral
and masters studies. | can proficiently use excel, STATA, and Graph-prism for data entry, manipulation,
management, and analysis

+ PERSONAL INFORMATION Name: Jessica Kwendo Claire Nationality: Kenyan, Permanent Resident of
the United States of America Date of Birth: 31st August 1989