JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @

 

5) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

7+ years hands-on experience in the IT industry mainly in Middleware/Integration technologies involving in all phases of Software
Development Life Cycle (SDLC) - requirement gathering and analysis, solution design, development, testing, production, and post-

production support,

3+ years” experience in designing and developing enterprise services using RAML in Mule, REST based API's, SOAP web services and

use of different mule connectors.

Experience in configuring APIs, proxy endpoints, API Portals and API analytics based on technical specifications with MuleSoft API

manager.

Experience in creating API using RAML, API portal, API proxies and documentation.

Experience in developing test cases and test plans by using MUnit. Experience in Unit testing, Integration testing and User Acceptance

testing.

Successful implementation of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) for multiple clients

using Mule Soft.

Hands on experience in using Software development methodologies Agile Methodology, Scrum and Waterfall software development

processes

Created Mule ESB based tooling suite for handling message transitioning, validation, enrichment and routing to upstream and

downstream entity data consumers.

Experience in working on bug tracking tool JIRA and Source control for project coordination.

Expertise in applying JMS (Java Messaging Service) and Log4J for reliable information exchange across Java applications.

Strong application Integration experience with Connectors, Routers, Active MQ, JMS and Data Transformations using Mule ESB.

Hands on experience in Mule Expression Language (MEL) - to access and evaluate the data in the payload, properties and variables of a

Mule message.

Designed and developed enterprise services using RAML and REST based APIs.
Extensively worked on XML technologies like XSD, XSLT, XQuery and XPath for data transformations in Mule soft
Experienced in Test Driven Development (TDD) and continuous integration.

Had experience in using the enterprise security, notifications features provided

 

Expertise in using Jenkins, ANT and Maven scripts for building & deploying application in web/App servers.

Exceptionally good at analytical skills, problem solving, communication and troubleshooting abilities.

 

SKILLS

WSDL, SOAP, UDDI, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, CXF, AXIS
IDEs

Anypoint Studio, Eclipse, NetBeans.

XML Technologies:

XML, DTD, XSD, JAXP, JAXB, XSLT, XPATH

Databases:

Oracle 10g/11g, SQL Server 2008, MySQL.

Frame Works:

Struts, Spring, JSF, Spring MVC

Version Control:

CVS, SVN and GIT

Programming Languages

Core Java, J2EE, C, C++, PL/SQL, HTML

Mole:

Anypoint Studio, Mule EE 3.6+, 4.0+, RAML, data weave, Cloud
hub, Logz.io, API Manager, Any point Exchange, Connectors like
AWS SNS etc., MMC.

* Business process, DB2, Progress
* C, WebSphere, QA

* C++, IDE, Requirement

* CCNA, DEE, Router

* Cisco, Java, Routing

* Clustering, JSP, Servers

* Conversion, Java script, Servlets

* Encryption, JavaScript, Scripts

* CSS, DBC, SOAP

* Version Control, IMS, Specification
* CVS, Logic, MS SQL Server

* DTS, Meetings, SQL

* Database, Access, SQL Server

* Databases, MS-Excel, Strategy

* Debugging, Exchange, Struts

* Decryption, Works, Tomcat

* Designing, MVC, UNIX shell scripts

* MS SQL Server 2005/2008, MS-Excel, DTS, Visual Studio 2008,» DHTML, MySQL, Visual Studio
SQL profiler. * Eclipse, Enterprise, Website

* Agile, Gateway, Developer, Written .

+ ANT, HTML, PL/SQL, XML

« API, HTTP, Programming, XSLT

+ Backup, Hub, Coding

 

Frame, Oracle, Weblogic

‘Work History

“MuleSoft Developer, 05/2018 - Current
Ibm Corporation — Plano, TX
* Design, develop and migrate flows (Mule ESB and WMB) base on requirements
+ Create flows/orchestrations for integrating the components like connectors, transformers and scopes written on top of different internal
platforms using Mule ESB for XML to CSV conversion
* Create RAML specification, building APIs using API Kit Router in Mule applications
© Create transformation logic using DataWeave, MEL and XSLT
* Create reusable components such as global exception handling strategy and common logger
‘* Work on XML technologies like XPATH, XSLT, XSD and data weave for data transformations
+ Prepare technical documents and tum over documents
* Deploy applications to different environments (Test, QA, PROD)
«Integrate salesforce with the MuleSoft for connecting applications, data sources and APIS, in the cloud
* Use MuleSoft Anypoint API platform for designing and implementing Mule APIs
+ Implement error handling and logging in the message flows
* Organize flows, sub flows and global XML configuration files
« Use partner WSDL for ESB to Salesforce integrations
* Collaborate with developers with in my team and from other team members for effective implementation of projects
« Participated in team design and review meeting
+ Provide support for existing applications in all environments
« Perform end-to-end testing, resolve problems and validated the test results
« Environment- ActiveMQ, WebSphere MQ 7, Mule ESB, Anypoint Studio, CloudHub, API Kit, API Gateway, Jenkins, ANT, Maven,
GIT, Java, RFHUtil, SOAP UI

“MuleSoft Developer, 06/2016 - 04/2018
Ibm Corporation — Poznan, OH
* Build and Deployment of services in Mule ESB server
+ Build Deploy and Test applications or flows using Mule ESB and build and deployed the services
* Create HTTP inbound & outbound flows, custom java and XSLT transformers and Security of Mule endpoint
+ Implement Exception Handling, Logging, and Error Handling
+ Implement Mule flows for each entity with retry mechanisms with private secured flows
+ Implement Security mechanisms like Security Certificates, key Exchange, Encryption, Decryption and OAuth Authentication &
Authorization using Access Token and SM session cookie
* Design and develop enterprise services API specification using RAML and REST schema
* Create Mule ESB helper class to call the Mule flow, connection endpoint and connectors
* Create Mule application that uses connectors SFDC, Message Transformer, Choice Exception Strategies, Batch processing
* Code walk-throughs, Mule Debugging, and Error fixing
« Participate in daily scrum meetings to discuss the progress of the project and any blockage of the work and the solution of the block
* Developed the flows/orchestrations for integrating the components written on top of different internal platforms using Mule ESB and
ActiveMQ
* Manage performance of the services by using “Scatter and gather” and “choice router” Environment: CloudHub, GitHub, Java,
‘MuleSoft, MMC, Anypoint Studio, ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, Servlets, Nexus, JSP, JSON, IMS, XML, XSD, SOAP, Spring MVC

Java Developer, 10/2014 - 05/2016
Chenega Mios — New York, NY

‘« Responsible for requirement gathering, design and analysis of the system *Responsible for coordinating the tasks and assigning work to
the team members and keeping track of the deliverables.

‘* Worked with customers to gather requirements and developed use cases and test plans.

‘ Designed a flexible and highly dynamic framework that incorporates robust marshaling and un marshaling from XML and a business
process layer to allow rapid development and deployment of web services by aggregating back-end service invocations ‘Developed the
Ul pages using HTML, DHTML, Java script, AJAX, JQUERY, JSP and tag libraries.

‘* Developed web services using Restful to support JSON and XML using JAX-RS.

+ Implemented various Core Java concepts such as, Multithreading, Exception Handling, Collections API, Generics, Enhanced for Loop
Inheritance and Polymorphism.

«Used Spring Framework for Dependency injection and integrated with the Spring Web Flows.

* Worked extensively on J2EE for developing Web and Distributed Applications by using IDBC, ISP, Servlets, Hibernate, Struts and Web
Services.

‘+ Implemented SOA based web services, designed and built SOAP web service interface, implemented using SOAP & CXF +Used
‘Hibernate as ORM tool to store the persistence data into the DB2 database.

* Created new connections through application coding for better access to DB2 database and involved in writing SQL & PL/SQL - Stored
procedures, functions, sequences, triggers, cursors, object types.

* Developed MAVEN scripts to build and deploy the application onto Tomcat Server and ran UNIX shell scripts and implemented auto
deployment process.

* Deployed I2EE applications to Weblogic Application Server in an Agile continuous integration environment and automated the whole
process.

* Worked with version controlling tools GIT.

« Application is Developed in the Eclipse IDE.

« Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring, MVC, SQL, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX, Hibernate, Maven, XML, Oracle, GIT, JAX-RS, Restful
‘Web Service, JQuery, Weblogic Application Server, IMS.

SQL Developer, 06/2010 - 09/2014
‘Wells Fargo — Lawrenceville, GA
© Responsible for all the servers which are running on a SQL platform (SQL Server 2005/ 2008).
«Setup multiple Nodes (Active/ Passive) in SQL Servers to add the clustering feature.
© Managed SQL Server databases and Configure failover cluster.
« Plan and modify SQL Server Permissions in quarterly basis.
* Create databases and schedule backups (Transaction log backup, Differential backup and Full back up) with Recovery sessions (Simple
or Full),
‘Setup and maintain Replication for Production servers to provide high availability and monitor using Replication Monitor.
« Setup Alerts, Notifications, Jobs, Job steps with automated Response solution schedules
« Frequently Monitor Connections, Locks and Database Performance.
* Reviewed and optimized SQL queries, CDC, stored procedures, functions, Indexes, views and triggers.
* Created an intemal secured website linking to the database that includes updated information about all Target SQL Servers information.

 

EDUCATION
Bachelor’s: Mathematics And Minor Computer Science
Eritrea Institute of Technology
CERTIFICATIONS

‘MuleSoft Developer Certified.
Cisco Certified Network Routing and Switching