PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

 

EDUCATION

 

 

 

Jessica Claire

@

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Within my background, i have been a Customer Service Representative that is bringing top-notch skills in oral
and written communication, active listening and analytical problem-solving skills. | work to enhance customer
experiences by employing service-oriented behaviors, understanding customer desires and providing
customized solutions to build loyalty. | also am a friendly Customer Service Representative with over 10 years
of dedicated customer service experience. Dedicated to exceeding service goals through effective
communication skills and abilities

Upselling Products and Services ‘+ Efficient and Detall-Oriented
Responding to Difficult Customers + Excellent Attention to Detail

Upbeat and Positive Personality + Computer Proficiency

Creative Problem Solving ‘+ Proficiency in Microsoft Office and G Suite
Multitasking and Prioritization + Complex Product Knowledge

Courteous with Strong Service Mindset + Proactive Self-Starter

Data Entry and Maintenance ‘+ Call Volume and Quality Metrics

Customer Data Confidentiality ‘+ Team-Oriented and Cooperative

Building Customer Trust and Loyalty

CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE ADVOCATE 01/2020 to CURRENT

Monday.Com | New York, NY

pis.

‘Addressed customer inquiries, concerns and complaints by providing solutions and alternatives and
followed up to confirm resolution.

Responded to high volume of incoming calls utilizing listening and communication skills to identity
customer problems, needs and opportunities

Collaborated with internal team members to resolve customer concerns and deliver enhanced customer
experiences.

Utilized telephone, online chat and email platforms to deliver outstanding customer service
Maintained extensive knowledge of company products to recommend items aligned with customer
needs

Maintained key performance indicators and acceptable performance levels to support assigned
customer base

Documented customer interactions in internal database to maintain customer service history details.
Enhanced industry and technical knowledge through active participation in learning and growth
opportunities.

Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of
products and services and creating welcoming, positive experiences.

Investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints quickly.

Responded proactively and positively to rapid change.

Exhibited high energy and professionalism when dealing with clients and staff.

Met customer call guidelines for service levels, handle time and productivity.

Educated customers about billing, payment processing and support policies and procedures
Promoted superior experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and
resolving problems swiftly.

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of product and service changes.

Handled over One hundred calls per shift signing up new customers, retrieving customer data,
presenting relevant product information and cancelling services

JRICT MANAGER AND PHONE/ TABLET REPAIR TECH 02/2018 to 12/2020

Intralinks | Paris, TX

SA

 

Built positive and productive relationships with store and field leadership.
Supervised Four locations to enforce high-quality standards of operation

Met deadlines by proactively managing individual and team tasks and streamlining processes
Located, developed and promoted talented employees to cultivate collaborative and hardworking
leadership team

Improved operational standards, personnel moves, and merchandising strategies

Worked diligently to resolve unique and recurring complaints, promoting loyalty and enhancing
operations.

Modeled best practices for sales and customer service.

Optimized in-store merchandising, brand presentation and inventory availability and focus.

ES ASSOCIATE 01/2017 to 05/2018

13 Verticals, Inc. | Bossier, LA

SA

 

Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific
merchandise

Provided positive first impressions to welcome existing, new and potential customers

Helped customers locate products and checked store system for merchandise at other sites.

Answered customer questions regarding sizing, accessories and proper care for merchandise.

Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.

Solved customer challenges by offering relevant products and services.

Increased sales by offering advice on purchases and promoting additional products.

Maintained customer satisfaction with quick and professional handling of product returns

Processed product returns and assisted customers with other selections

Boosted sales by conferring with customers to evaluate purchase requirements and recommend best-fit
company offerings.

Tracked stock using company inventory management software

Applied security and loss prevention training toward recognizing risks and reducing store theft
Developed, marketed and sold full range of products and support services

ES REPRESENTATIVE 08/2015 to 04/2016

Atkore | Milford, UT

cur

Increased sales by offering advice on purchases and promoting additional products.
Achieved monthly sales goals by promoting product benefits and enrolling new clients.

Retained excellent client satisfaction ratings through outstanding service delivery.

Reached out to customers after completed sales to evaluate satisfaction and determine immediate
service requirements

Increased sales by offering consultation on products and services and applying customer service and
upselling techniques

Assisted in product placement and visual merchandising, maintaining attractive and inviting
appearance

Tailored sales approaches and techniques to specific client needs to increase marketing effectiveness
Served as liaison for company, clients and referred prospects regarding inquiries, issues, order
management, post-sales follow-up and customer relations

OTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 08/2014 to 11/2015

Intralinks | Waltham, MA

SA

Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer
needs and resolving concerns.

‘Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times

Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.

Offered advice and assistance to customers, paying attention to special needs or wants

Used company troubleshooting resolution tree to evaluate technical problems and find appropriate
solutions,

Investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints quickly.

Delivered exceptional customer service to every customer by leveraging extensive knowledge of
products and services and creating welcoming, positive experiences.

Responded proactively and positively to rapid change.

Exhibited high energy and professionalism when dealing with clients and staff.

Met customer call guidelines for service levels, handle time and productivity.

Responded to customer requests, offering excellent support and tallored recommendations to address
needs

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of product and service changes.

Developed highly empathetic client relationships and earned reputation for exceeding service standard
goals

Provided excellent customer care by responding to requests, assisting with product selection and
handling ordering functions

 

ASSOCIATE 04/2013 to 07/2014

Genuine Parts Company | Oconomowoc, WI

Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific
merchandise

Provided positive first impressions to welcome existing, new and potential customers

Helped customers locate products and checked store system for merchandise at other sites.
Answered customer questions regarding sizing, accessories and proper care for merchandise.
Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.

Prepared merchandise for sales floor by pricing or tagging.

Maintained customer satisfaction with quick and professional handling of product returns

CUOTOMER SALES REPRESENTATIVE 10/2013 to 05/2014
Atkore | Eugene, OR

Assisted call-in customers with questions and orders.
Helped large volume of customers every day with positive attitude and focus on customer satisfaction
Resolved concerns with products or services to help with retention and drive sales.

Educated customers on promotional options, sales policies and methods for obtaining desired results
from company offerings

Described product highlights and benefits to help guide purchasing decisions.

Emphasized product specifications to meet customer needs

Contacted potential customers to capitalize on sales opportunities.

Sold internet, home phone, and Direct TV to customers through inbound sales during customer calls
and cold calling customers during slow times.

Worked independently with minimal supervision

Served customers with knowledgeable, friendly support at every stage of shopping and purchasing
Gained customer trust and confidence by demonstrating compelling, persuasive and composed
professional demeanor.

Prioritized tasks and projects to meet tight deadlines.

Set and achieved company defined sales goals.

Exceptional computer skills

Fielded customer complaints and facilitated negotiations, resolving issues and reaching mutual
conclusions

Prepared and deliver customer sales quotes.

CUOTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE 03/2008 to 07/2013
Mcdonalds | City, STATE

Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer
needs and resolving concerns.

Offered advice and assistance to customers, paying attention to special needs or wants
Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information

Cultivated customer loyalty, promoted repeat business and improved sales.

Exhibited high energy and professionalism when dealing with clients and staff.

Delivered prompt service to prioritize customer needs.

No Degree | Computer Networking
DeVry University, Addison, IL

Hig School Diploma 05/2010
Dixon High School, Dixon, IL