JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Human Resources PROFESSIONAL

 

Knowledgeable and experienced HR professional focused on enhancing business efficiency and team productivity by sourcing high-quality
candidates and minimizing tumover. Proficient in supporting training, performance-optimization and motivational strategies

SicNarure HR QuaLIFICATIONS

 

* Conflict Resolution *# Job Analysis / Development

* Contract Negotiation * On-boarding

« Employee Relations + Occupational Health and Safety

« Executive Development * Training and Development

* Grievance and Arbitration * Recruitment and Selection

« HR Policy Development and Execution * Marketing

« Performance Management + Event Planning

«Project Management + Team Building

*# Project Coordination * Workers’ Compensation Administration
EXPERIENCE

05/2019 to Current

 

Lead Human Resources Analyst
City Of Tucson — Tucson, AZ

«Stayed current on federal and state policies governing employment

‘* Supported executive decision-making by reporting on metrics and recommending actionable improvements

« Saved time by spearheading special projects through effective emergency resolution

+ Assisted in employee benefits programs and informed employees of benefits by studying and assessing benefit
needs and trends

‘* Reduced process lags by quickly processing personnel actions, awards, flags, legal incidents, sponsorship,
evaluations, morale and welfare documentation

+ Assisted employees across compensation, benefits, wellness and safety, HRIS, payroll and information and data
departments to ensure optimal productivity

‘* Developed process improvements and streamlined procedures to effectively resolve employee discrepancies.

‘* Mentored newly hired employees in benefits department and provided information regarding company policies and
procedures.

‘* Stayed current on EEO, ADA and other applicable federal and state policies governing employment.

‘© Worked with HR management to devise and update policies based on changing industry and social trends

# Decreased project gaps by successfully mentoring staff on best practices and protocol while monitoring
performance quality control for corrective action planning.

‘ Creating work instructions and educating/training teammates on new processes to ensure successful production and
mitigate errors.

12/2016 to 05/2019 Human Resources Coordinator

Akoustis Technologies, Inc. — Farmington, NY

‘* Designed and Implemented a new HR On-Boarding Program.

* Created Monthly Newsletters and arranged monthly employee events.

‘Initiated exuberant creative ways to motivate employees by introducing customer service awards, Employee
Appreciation Days, Acts of Kindness, etc.

* Conducted New Hire Orientation, Exit Interviews and Leave of Absences.

‘= Reconciled a team that was experiencing employee morale issues. Interviewed team members and leadership;
observed team meetings, created team building exercises and mandatory training.

‘© Subject matter expert on local, state and federal laws and policies.

‘* Design and implemented employee benefit programs, including health, dental, vision, 401(k), FSA, HSA, EAP,
COBRA, LTD, STD, Life

‘© Recruited for all staff positions

* Counseled employees on performance to improve quality of service and efficiency.

+ Collaborated with Department Managers to review vacant positions, reallocate staff duties, and streamline
procedures.

‘* Developed and implemented company-wide recognition program to strengthen company culture and employee
engagement.

*# Process payroll.

‘* Responsible for company insurance renewals

‘© Developed and maintained oversight on initiation, interpretation, and implementation of HR policies & procedures.

‘* Administered benefits including new enrollments, changes, termination and exit interviews, open enrollment and
interfaced with clients and vendors.

‘* Represented the company at corporate wide meetings.

‘* Member of client senior leadership team. Participate in weekly meetings to discuss business strategies and new
business initiatives.

03/2014 to 05/2019 Executive Assistant to Senior VP

Sparrow Health System — Lansing, MI

+ Direct liaison with city planning officials, developers and consultants, established a streamline communication to
increase efficiency of project completion.

‘© Marketed listings through intemal and external websites online

‘© Worked directly within development departments from ground up resulting in deep understanding of project
functions, increasing overall productivity.

‘* Monitored and collected tenant payments, maintained vendor accounts and closing of escrow schedules.

‘* Organized and researched prospective land purchasing opportunities and initiated contact with perspective tenants
for new shopping centers.

‘Listing and transaction coordinating as well as maintain and update listings on agent's website, multiple listing
service, Costar, Buildout, and Apartments.com.

« Prepared Listing Agreements, Purchase Agreements, Disclosures as well as obtained signatures by meeting with
clients or via Docusign.

‘* Developed training programs for employee development and OSHA required safety training.

+ Formulate procedures for systematic retention, protection, retrieval, and transfer and disposal of records.

‘ Created online marketing campaigns and newsletters pertaining to listings.

‘* Answered multiple phone lines, provided mentor with all messages, replied to all emails and documented new
leads in spreadsheet form,

‘* Asranged meetings and created weekly schedule, including all travel arrangements.

* Completed research projects in proposal form regarding advertising ideas, lead & business development.

‘* Analyzed market trends to determine competitive market prices.

‘* Monitored and maintained deposit payments and closing of escrow schedule.

* Produced checks in payment of bills due, kept record of disbursements, and examined cancelled returned checks
for endorsement.

‘+ Submitted photographs and descriptions of property to marketing team for presentation and publication.

‘© Managed REO properties from cradle to grave, e.g., created files, obtained tax cards, tax bills, deeds, etc., entered
new listings in the MLS, prepared contract packages and uploaded to specific REO client.

+ Collaborated with landlords and development companies to build out office and retail spaces.

‘© Orchestrated all operation functions including but not limited to: award ceremonies, executive meetings, golf
outings, etc.

+ Organized the new office and designed systems to maximize administrative operations. Arranged and maintained
sensitive documents in compliance with security procedures.

‘© Managed and tracked travel/meeting/conference expenses; worked closely with finance and accounting group to
ensure spending was aligned and within budget.

+ Planned company Board and Staff meetings, prepared agendas and processed meeting minutes

‘* Asranged office holiday parties and other outside functions.

‘* Protected company brand and improved customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.

+ Coordinated executive schedules for team of 6 real estate leaders

‘* Designed PowerPoint presentations for monthly divisional meetings with top-level executives.

06/2011 to 03/2014 Medical Assistant

Aiken Dermatology And Skin Cancer Clinic — City, STATE

+ Assessed, documented and monitored vital signs for more than 80 patients per day.

‘* Relayed messages from patients to the physicians regarding their prescriptions in addition to calling in these
prescriptions

‘© Demonstrated ability to lead and motivate outstanding healthcare teams.

* Collected blood, tissue and other laboratory specimens and prepared them for lab testing.

+ Performed wide range of clerical tasks, including imaging, transcription and verifying work to keep office
workflows running smoothly

‘* Assisted with diagnostic testing by collecting and packaging biological specimens for internal and laboratory
analyses.

‘* Conducted patient triage to determine urgency of illnesses and wound treatment for proper wellness measures.

« Performed patient scheduling and registration.

+ Pulled and filed patient medical records. Respected rules and regulations of facility regarding HIPPA.

+ Performed general office duties, scheduled appointments, obtained insurance authorizations, and educated patients
on personal healthcare benefits

Epucation Np TRAINING

2017

 

BBA: Human Resources
Strayer University - Washington, DC