Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ¢ (555) 432-1000  resumesampleGexample.com

Professional Summary

Possess strong work ethic with 100% dedication to assigned tasks. I invented a fire sprinkler head cover out of used water bottles.
This eliminated the need for tape and foil wich saved thousands of dollars during the completion of the Orlando International
Aiport project. Iam always thinking of ways to improve my projects. I have been around the construction industry my entire life.
‘My grandfather was a supervisor and master carpenter for the United States Sugar Corp. and my dad ran his own plumbing
company, Claire and Son, INC. I worked under their leadership and they both have a major impact on my work ethics.

Talented Painter with an eye for detail and efficient approach. Offering 10 years of experience in painting and repair work.
Comfortable renewing aging structures and applying initial coats to new construction.

Seasoned Painter offering expertise in facilities maintenance. Possess 15 years experience and additional knowledge in carpentry,
HVAC, plumbing and electrical areas. Ready to expand beyond simple painting duties to fulfill additional roles.

Flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success.

Accomplishments

Tam currently involved in a community wide environment cleaning project. I go around to these areas that are abandoned by our
communities homeless citizens and clean the waste that is left behind. These areas go unattended at it is very disrespectfull to our
Mother Planet. I am in the process of forming a non-profit organization that will help house and care for those in the community that
are in Dire Straits, All in her name.

Lake Hopes

Recreational Rehab

&

Life Improvement Center

Skills

Capable of learning new techniques to match and align with _Bilingual- Spanish
ongoing procedures and operating policies Computer Literate

Self-starter, works well with others but can be left unattended to. Read and interpret Blueprints and can align projects procedures
the completion of any task. Experience operating various hoists with Contract Specifications.

and motorized lifts Strong attention to detail and proficient troubleshooting skills
Experience operating Heavy Equipment - Scissor lifts, telescopic

lifts, platform lifts etc.

Maintains a professional appearance at all times and can

communicate well with others.

Work History

Painter, 05/2021 to 01/2022
Electric Boat — Stonington, CT
* Painted walls and other susfaces using traditional and sprayer methods and worked efficiently to complete jobs within required
timeframes.
* Cleaned and smoothed all surfaces prior to painting.
* Readied surfaces and surrounding areas for painting with sandpaper, tape and other materials.
* Primed, smoothed and cleaned trim, walls and ceilings to prepare for painting tasks.
* Mixed paints and solutions and monitored consistencies.
* Operated airless spray equipment and motorized lifts
« Inspected work sites to measure dimensions, lay out work and estimate materials for each job.
* Determined appropriate color for new and replacement applications during consultation with customers.
* Completed basic plumbing, electrical, carpentry and HVAC duties.
« Performed repairs to defects in walls by patching holes and scrapes prior at project start.
* Refinished household furniture, desks, tables and bookcases.
+ Recommended options to customers for blending, harmonizing and contrasting colors to add depth to smaller spaces.
* Completed and filed daily work slips to document progress and provide estimated completion time.
* Cleaned and properly stored paint equipment and supplies at end of each workday.
* Maintained thorough inventory of paint equipment and supplies by checking product levels daily.
« Prepared surfaces for remodeling in residential and commercial properties.
* Chose correct brushes and materials for jobs and purchased from vendors.
« Prepared sheetrock, metal and wood surfaces for painting.
* Used power and hand tools safely and effectively.

Plumber, 01/2010 to 06/2014
Los Angeles County - Los Angeles, CA
+ Promoted business on social media platforms to maximize brand identity and generate revenue.
« Supervised performance of workers with goals of improving productivity, efficiency and cost savings.
* Assembled and installed PVC and metal pipes and fixtures through existing structures.
« Installed and replaced water heaters, drain pipes and water supply lines.
« Followed relevant codes, regulations and safety techniques.
« Tested piping systems with water and air pressure to maintain balance and accuracy.
« Installed and repaired gas lines and hot and cold water lines.
* Performed pipe fabrication, installation and fitting according to proper specifications
* Cut openings in walls and floors to accommodate pipe and pipe fittings.
« Studied blueprints and inspected structures to assess material and equipment needs, pipe installation sequence and installation
around possible obstructions.
« Installed and extended underground storm, sanitation and water piping systems to connect fixtures and plumbing.
« Efficiently installed and repaired toilets, water heaters, appliances and showers to maintain 100% customer satisfaction ratings.
+ Communicated with customers regarding recommendations on repairs, replacements and upgrades of plumbing equipment.
* Performed emergency on-call work hours during evening, weekends and some holidays.
* Completed walk-throughs of completed systems to verify code adherence.
* Created and submitted daily reports on progress of plumbing projects
+ Supervised staff and evaluated work performance.
* Hoisted loads using slings, chains, shackles, hooks, cables and other rigging equipment.
* Operated equipment and remained focused on safety at all times.
« Prepared project bids and gathered parts, labor and equipment needed for projects.
+ Cut and fit pipes to established measurements.
« Tested plumbing systems to locate leaks, malfunctions and repair needs.

Estimator - Project Manager, 02/1996 to 07/2008

MY Land Agricultural Services — City, STATE
+ Brought projects in on-time and in accordance with budget and quality standards.
+ Handled continuous project monitoring and management by developing forecasts, tracking expenses and approving payments
* Built strong community relations with subcontractors and vendors to optimize cost savings and complete timely

preconstruction.

Made changes to project scope and cost and implemented most effective change management processes to keep project up-to-
date

Enhanced development and drove continuous improvement of project delivery process by providing strong program leadership,

Modified and reconstructed project plans to better align with organizational objectives.

Coordinated complex contract administration, including defining project milestones and developing budget.
Education

Bachelor of Arts: Business Administration / Project Management, 02/2025
American InterContinental University - Schaumburg, IL

NCCER CERTIFIED # 21170210: Plumbing, Electrical, Framing, Masonry, Utilities, Cabinetry, 02/2021
NCCER - Tallahassee , FL1

Small Engine Mechanics And Repair Technology, 04/1994
East Georgia Tech. - Dublin, GA
Studied the basic functions of a combustion engine and how to make necessary repairs. How to use and read blueprints so as to

order repair parts. Maintain current knowledge of ongoing practices and new technologies for systems in use.