JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

EXPERIENCED OPERATIONS LEAD AND PROGRAM MANAGER

Purpose-driven senior leader with over 21 years of active duty Navy service. Highly experienced operations lead and program manager with
proven past performance in direct oversight of military aviation operations and defense programs valued in excess of $88M. Passionate about
developing leaders and helping others reach their full potential through strategic coaching and mentoring, I am seeking opportunities with
Chick-fil-A, Inc. in which I can promote long-term restaurant growth and performance while adding value, credibility, and trust to the Chick-fil-
Abrand,

 

SKILLS

Relationship Builder

Trusted Advisor

Strategic Thinker and Planner

Liaison / Stakeholder Engagement

Coach and Mentor * Influencer and Motivator
Risk Mitigation

Effective Communicator

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Section Head Aviation Electronic Warfare Systems, 09/2021 - Current

Rtx — Lone Tree, CO

Program Manager for the test and evaluation of all Navy and Marine Corps aviation electronic attack programs and electronic, infrared, and
radar countermeasure development programs.

+ Facilitated and strengthened strategic relationships with three Navy and Marine Corps Test Squadrons, Naval Air Systems Command,
Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, and the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations. Promoted collaborative opportunities for
information sharing, problem-solving, and alignment of plans to strategy.

* Developed seven tailored, cost effective test strategies and plans aligned to support fielding decisions, inform system design changes, and
produce sufficient data requirements to yield actionable insights regarding system performance.

« Evaluated risk concerning system effectiveness, suitability, and cyber survivability. Identified an ineffective system for the mission of the
MV-22 Osprey, and one system deemed unsuitable for the AH-1Z Cobra mission. Both were prevented from fielding, mitigating risk to
Marine Corps aviation squadrons and pilots.

# Negotiated and supervised the execution of a $634K multi-year support services contract.

Combat Direction Center Officer, 07/2019 - 09/2021
Us Department Of Transportation — South Portland, ME
Operations Lead for the aircraft carrier tactical information center and Trusted Advisor to the Commanding Officer and Carrier Strike Group
Commander. Oversaw personnel and equipment to collect, evaluate, and disseminate command and control information. Provided high level life
and leadership coaching for hundreds of Sailors while challenging them to maximize their potential
« Promoted long-term growth and performance for 84 Sailors through positive influence, coaching, and mentoring. Provided equipping
resources such as customized training plans, schools, recommendations, recognition, and opportunities to learn new skills resulting in a
44% advancement rate for E-5 (17% Navy average) and one Officer awarded the CVN-77 Navy and Marine Association Leadership
Award.
* Highly effective liaison between Catrier Strike Group 10, Commander Naval Air Forces, and Norfolk Naval Ship Yard. Ensured effective
communication, resource alignment, and on-schedule installation of six critical self-defense system upgrades.
* Developed collaborative and performance building opportunities for more than 200 Sailors as the Combat Systems Training Team Lead,
Integrated Training Team Facilitator, Search and Rescue Mission Coordinator, and Medical Evacuation Team Lead. Synchronized training
efforts across multiple departments resulting in a high performing, integrated, cross-functional team ready to defend the ship and respond

to casualties.

Integrated Product Team Lead, 12/2015 - 07/2019

Naval Air Systems Command Navair — City, STATE

Guided an integrated, cross-functional team of 100+ personnel that delivered improved ASW capability through software development and
hands-on training for Navy P-3C and P-8A aircrew. Primary contact, advisor, and relationship manager between squadrons, airwings, and
PMA-264.

« Planned and managed the execution of an $88M defense contract to enhance the Multi-Static Active Coherent (MAC) acoustic search
system. The software improvements and increase aircrew proficiency resulted in the first successful submarine detections utilizing the
MAC system in the European and Pacific areas of responsibility.

* Constructed budget plans and contract reconciliation using Earned Value Management to enable quantitative communication with program
stakeholders

* Devised a $33M FY spend plan for aircraft system development and integration. Coordinated a $5.8M action that integrated 13 aircraft
software changes.

+ Facilitated aircrew learning ensuring operating and safety standards were upheld. Executed a $4M fleet support initiative that trained over
400 P-3C/P-8A aircrew and staff.

« Provided immersive, front line aircrew support for deployed squadrons operating out of Iceland, Scotland, Italy, Japan, and Hawaii to meet

unique demands across theaters.

Operations Officer, 11/2013 - 12/2015
Patrol Squadron FOUR — City, STATE
Oversaw the daily planning, administration, supervision, and execution of all operations and training of 340 personnel, seven P-3C aircraft, and
12 combat aircrews.
«Steward of people and resources. Relied on personal influence, mentoring, and coaching to motivate performance and stimulate growth.
Met 100 percent of pre-deployment training and readiness requirements to include the certification of 12 combat aircrews.

 

Aligned operational plans with the squadron pre-deployment strategy while balancing aircraft allocation, maintenance, and aircrew

training. Managed a $13.4M training budget, executed 1,809 flight-hours, and achieved all training and readiness requirements for 37

pilots, 25 Naval Flight Officers, and 72 aircrew.

* Provided command-level leadership of 71 personnel and three aircraft while deployed to Djibouti, Africa supporting the Combined Joint
Task Force — Hom of Africa. Executed 128 flights encompassing 1,026 combat flight-hours with 100 percent mission completion.

+ Influenced Task Force decisions during weekly planning meetings as a representative of the Commanding Officer and Task Group
Commander.

© Cultivated relationships with the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Forces through joint training to strengthen our partnership and build

camaraderie.

EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
‘Test And Evaluation Level 1 Certification: 09/2022

Defense Acquisition University - Fort Belvoir, VA

Program Management Level II Certification: Program Management, 01/2018
Defense Acquisition University - Fort Belvoir, VA

Defense Acquisition Corps Membership : Program Management, 01/2018
Defense Acquisition University - Fort Belvoir, VA

Senior Leadership Program: 07/2013
U.S. Army Command And General Staff College - Leavenworth, KS

‘MBA: Business, 03/2010
‘Naval Postgraduate School - Monterey, CA

Bachelor of Science: 12/2008
Colorado State University - Fort Collins, CO