PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

 

EDUCATION

 

Jessica Claire

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

To obtain the position as the XXXXXX. SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS Centralized Product Service Desk
Manager at Joint Base San Antonio Randolph Air Force Base. Supervise 45 personnel and oversee support
for 26,000 users. Site Manager for Graduate Training & Information Management System (GTIMS). GTIMS is
a sophisticated Aircrew Training, Scheduling, Standardization and Evaluation Management System. GTIMS
Training Team, Developed AMC Functional Training courses. Trainer, conducted 250 training sessions with
over 1300 students attending. AMC Team Lead from 2018 — 2019, instrumental in standup/management of
485 AMC MAF GTIMS Organization supporting 55K users. Oversee AMC database configuration
management ensuring standardization over 10 GTIMS Databases. Participate in product design reviews to
provide input on functional requirements, product designs, schedules, or potential problems. Responsible for
Testing, Implementation, and Management of AMC GTIMS Standardization and Evaluation initiatives across
80 AMC MAF Bases. Developed site manager mentoring training program ensuring Enterprise Service Desk
personnel maintain highest degree of GTIMS software competency. Comp TIA Security + Certified Secret
security clearance EXPERIENCE 2020 - Current Data Systems Analyst, Joint Base San Antonio Randolph, TX
Graduate Training and Management System(GTIMS) Centralized Product Support Desk Manager Supervise
four teams comprised of 45 personnel; Undergraduate Flying Training, Graduate Flying Training, Mobility air
forces (MAF) and a 24x7 Centralized Product Service Desk (CPSD) located at AETC). Manages user issues
in the government-provided help desk ticketing Systems (IS) averaging 32,045 tickets/year. Review tickets for
completeness and accuracy, monitor/manage ticket work flow: identify and provide solutions for outstanding
tickets. Create reports and metrics for service desk measures reporting performance. Assigns priority to user
issues, identifies CriticalHigh issues and elevates to Program Management Office (PMO), reports mission
impact. Works with Subject Matter Experts (SME), Infrastructure, and developers to troubleshoot code
discrepancies towards resolution; manages tickets to ensure the appropriate Tier support (Tier 1-3) is
assigned. Briefs customer on service desk status, works with Infrastructure Manager / Team for real time
knowledge of an on-site availability of G/TIMS application and database services. interviews service desk
candidates, oversees new service desk employee training and is a primary contact with users in field as part
of Customer Relationship Management efforts. Communicates with on-site user POC's, to include unit
commanders. Reviews customer feedback, engages customer support issues and travels as needed to user
locations. Provide troubleshooting support for G/TIMS functions at both user and admin levels. Track and
respond to user issues with both functional and common service applications, scheduling functions, and
provide information for the effective use of G/TIMS capabilities. Provide training to new users as well as
training that introduces new upgrades, functions, and releases. 2014 -2020 Data Systems Analyst, Dover
AFB, DE Graduate Training and Management System(GTIMS) Training Manager/AMC Team Lead Supervise
13 GTIMS Site Support Managers who daily support 80 worldwide locations, 485 organizations, and 55,000+
customers. One of three Subject Matter Experts on the AMC G/TIMS Team. Routinely travel to provide GTIMS
user training to Active Duty, Reserve, and Air National Guard Components. Instrumental in the standup of
AMC MAF GTIMS Aircrew Operations, AMC database configuration management 80 bases and 485
Organizations. Act as GTIMS Subject Matter Expert providing technical supportitraining for 36 AMC & AETC
Enterprise Service Desk personnel. Developed Letter of X's to ensure ESD Personnel obtain/maintained
required experience level outlined in Statement of Works associated with GTIMS contract. Computer System
Administrator for 800 computers running GTIMS Browser Software at Dover AFB. Provide software designers
with in-depth troubleshooting and detailed documentation of software test findings. Develop Detailed Training
plans for new software releases; act as trainer, effectively communicated new software concepts and ideas to
Air Force Users via electronic, written and oral communications methods. Created detailed user training
guides and training products as well as voice-overs for training videos to facilitate the ease of use of GTIMS
Software. Create Weekly/Monthly Status Reports, System Status Reports, System Upgrade Change Request,
and Software Enhancement/System Discrepancy Reports.

+ CERTIFICATIONS Proficient MS Office Products Program

+ CompTlA Security Plus Management set priorities, identifying critical
+ Azure Fundamentals issues
‘+ Areas of Expertise + Software Testing/Development Excellent written

and oral communication skills

+ Training Management Briefing USAF
Headquarters Leadership and Managers

+ Managing complex programs Computer System
‘Administration/IT functions

AVIATION RESOURCE MANAGEMENT SUPERINTENDENT 01/2005 to 01/2014
U.S. Air Force Air Education And Training Command | City, STATE
+ Managed unit GTIMS ground and flying academic training syllabus’, wing/squadron scheduling and
stan/eval programs
+ Routinely taught GTIMS classes to assigned Aviation Resource Managers
‘+ Supervised the overall GTIMS process for planning, scheduling, and execution of flying and ground
training for all assigned aviators
‘+ Buillmanaged GTIMS Flying Hour Program at Wing, Group and Squadron level
+ Managed Aviation Resource Management Profiles and GTIMS interface ensuring accurate
documentation of all flying and ground training accomplishment
+ Conducted daily/weekly/monthly and yearly GTIMS Flying Hour Program reconciliation with
maintenance

AVOTION RESOURCE MANAGEMENT INSTRUCTOR 01/2004 to 01/2005
U.S. Air Force Air Education And Training Command | City, STATE

‘+ Supervised over 230 students annually, with an average class load of 12

‘+ Developed course instructions, training literature, laboratory exercises and scenarios

+ Researched and drafted lesson plans, and testing materials

+ Counseled and trained students ranging in grades of Airman Basic through Master Sergeant

‘+ Advised leadership concerning student wash back, reclassification, and elimination

+ Recommended revisions of training material based on evaluation of curriculum, field experiences, and

instructional aides
‘+ Administered special individualized assistance

CLQRENT OPERATIONS SCHEDULER 01/1999 to 01/2004
U.S. Air Force Joint Special Operations Command | City, STATE
‘+ Responsible for scheduling people for alert manning, aircraft and training area requests
‘+ Oversaw and monitored expenditures of a $4 million operations and $1.5 million aircraft support budget
+ Expedited extensive support for 150 people in five separate organizations routinely dispersed on
worldwide Air Force missions
‘+ Prepared the organization's training schedule, ensuring currency of related instruction and avoiding
conflicts in unrelated activities
+ Coordinated disaster assistance operations as well as presenting numerous briefings on Hurricane and
Severe Weather Actions

B S, Bachelor’s Degree | Multidisciplinary Studies 2010
Liberty University, Lynchburg, VA

A. Associate’s Degree | Instructor of Technology and Military Sciences 2005
Community College of the A.F, Montgomery, AL

A. Associate’s Degree | Aviation Resource Management 1996
Community College of the A.F, Montgomery, AL

A.OS., Associate’s Degree | Weather Technology 1995
Community College of the A.F, Montgomery, AL