JESSICA
CLAIRE

© resumesample@example.com
& (555) 432-1000

9 Montgomery Street, San
Francisco, CA 94105

HIGHLIGHTS

Periodic financial reporting expert
Invoice coding familiarity
‘strong communication skills

General ledger accounting skills
‘Complex problem solving
‘Account reconciliation expert

EDUCATION

Select One

University of Greenwich
Nairobi 2014

Bachelor of Arts: Business Studies
‘Completed the Bachelor's degree in
Business of Arts - BA Honors
Business Studies achieving a
Second Upper Class Honors.

+ The units included in the
‘Academic Session (2012/2013)
are as follows:

> Managing Strategy - involves the

formulation and implementation of

the major goals and initiatives
taken by a company's top
management on behalf of owners,
based on consideration of
resources and an assessment of
the internal and external
environments in which the
organization competes.

> International Business

‘Management - involves the

understanding for an international

career in various industries.

Today’s world revolves around

business. Networking on a global

scale and recognising

‘opportunities, or creating them

yourself. International Business

‘Management brings one a step

loser to success on an

international level.

+ The units included in the
‘Academic Session (2013/2014)
are as follows:

> Small Business Development -

involves the process of how to own

corporations, be into partnership
and become a sole proprietors.

These kind of developments are

‘common in many countries,

depending on the economic system

in operation.

> PPD3 - Thematic Independent

study - the research and critical

thinking skills from Personal and

Professional Development (PPD) 2

‘and build upon their research

proposals. This unit helped me to

understand the intricate
relationship between theory and
practice. Improved my self-
management in terms of time,
planning, behaviour and
motivation.

Oshwal College
Nairobi - 2013

Association of Business Executive
+ Business.

Completed the Association of
Business Executive. This associate
had levels and units as follows:

Certificate in Business - Level 3
includes the following units:

> Introduction to Business.

> Introduction to Quantitative
‘Methods.

> Introduction to Accounting.

> introduction to Business
‘Communication,

Diploma in Business Management
(Higher) - Level 5 includes the
following units:

> Human Resource Management.
> Managerial Accounting.

> Marketing Policy, Planning and
‘Communication.

> Organisational Behaviour.

> The Business Environment.

> Economic Principles and their
Application to Business.

> Financial Accounting.

> Quantitative Methods for
Business and Management.

Diploma in Business Management
(Graduate) - Level 6 includes the
following units
> Corporate Finance.

> Corporate Strategy and Planning.
> International Business Case
study.

> Managing in Organisation.

> Strategic Marketing
‘Management.

 

SUMMARY

Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and
public sectors. Well-informed accountant adept at supplying quick responses to financial inquiries from
internal management and potential clients.Creative accountant equipped with a broad knowledge of
concepts and strategies to yield the best possible financial outcomes.

EXPERIENCE

Ametek, Inc. - Accountant
Wilmington, MA « 06/2012 - 09/2015

have worked at Shantilal Gala & Company (Nairobi, Kenya) which is an Audit firm, since 2nd July
2012.

Iwas employed as an Accountant in the Firm.

‘Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.

Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of p weekly and monthly.
Increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new Excel financial recording system.
Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.

Entered weekly sales and customer count sheets for review by management.

Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.

Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.

 

INTERESTS.

Associate Member of the Association of Business Executives Most Disciplined Girl: 2007-2008.
‘Outstanding Performance as a Class monitor: 2009.

Participated in the Expedition camp awarded by the Westlands Scouts Local Association: 2009.
EXTRA-CURRICULAR: Awarded for outstanding performance for the prize day variety show in 2009.
‘Awarded for reaching the National Finals in the Kenya Music Festival in 2007.

lam a professional Ramp Model.

have worn and exhibited clothes of international and local designers.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

LEADERSHIP: Associate Member of the Association of Business Executives Most Disciplined Girt:
2007-2008

‘Outstanding Performance as a Class monitor: 2009

Participated in the Expedition camp awarded by the Westlands Scouts Local Association: 2009.
EXTRA-CURRICULAR: Awarded for outstanding performance for the prize day variety show in 2009.
‘Awarded for reaching the National Finals in the Kenya Music Festival in 2007.

Iam a professional Ramp Model.

have worn and exhibited clothes of international and local designers.

SKILLS

Organization - managing responsibilities in a particular manner and keeping track of those
responsibilities.

Time Management - Good time-management skills go hand-in-hand in with strong organizational
capabilities. Budgeting time will give the allowance of managing the work efficiently.

Adaptability - its always the best for me to adapt quickly and easily as my way of understanding the
procedures is through planning everything in my mind as the work is being allocated.

‘Communication - allows me to interact best with the colleagues, clients and receive the best feedback
from their side after completing the conversation.