JESSICA CLAIRE
Maintenance Data Specialist

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

‘Maintenance Data Specialist with over three years of notable professional experience in System Administration and Data Analysis.
Recognized consistently for performance excellence and contributions to success in the aviation maintenance industry. Inside Support
Technician with over one year of experience in the commercial network security and surveillance industry. Strengths in critical thinking and
problem solving have helped prove abilities to analyze trends, conduct data collection, and effectively lead teams.

 

Sxmts
Problem Solving * Networking
* Database Management * Troubleshooting
* Critical thinking « Fast Leaning
Worx History

 

12/2016 to 12/2020 Aviation Maintenance Data Specialist
United States Marine Corps — City, STATE

© Administrator and Data Analyst of the NTCSS Desktop Client and NALCOMIS OOMA systems in support of
MAG 11 and MALS 11

‘* Tracked and maintained US Navy and Marine Corps aircraft maintenance records, naval correspondence,
publications, and data

‘© Compiled aircraft maintenance reports on a daily basis that included data for 100+ aircraft.

* Provided direct intermediate level support for 6 aircraft maintenance organizations, each containing on average 20+
aircraft.

‘* Created and managed more than 800 user accounts with assigned permissions

* Provided assistance troubleshooting system errors and network failures.

‘* Submitted trouble tickets utilizing the ITSM ticketing system.

‘© Worked with end users to determine areas of system malfunction in need of improved usability

+ Performed application updates/installs and distributed technical training to other divisions

«* Retrieved maintenance data daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly and compiled summary reports.

* Converted project data requirements into project data models for monthly meetings and supervisors.

‘© Created ad-hoc processes and custom reports

+ Attimes used SQL script to retrieve specific data for user accounts or aircraft maintenance history.

* Stored and maintained up to 2 years worth of data.

© Logs and records clerk/supervisor for US Navy and Marine Corps F/A-18 aircraft engines (F404-GE-400/F404-
GE-402) at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar.

+ Received, inducted, transferred, and issued engines and engine logbooks to the squadrons of MAG-11 as well as,
US Navy squadrons.

‘* Documented 500+ logs and records entries, maintained engine logbooks, completed inspections and kept engine
logbook information up to date.

12/2016 to 12/2020 Senior Safety Representative
United States Marine Corps — City, STATE

+ Performed detailed inspections to assess safety risks, building structure and equipment.

+ Performed training regarding safety procedures and protocols, equipment, and emergency stations.

«Inspected facilities for adherence to fire, hazard and safety guidelines

Submitted work requests for facilities and office spaces, or structural damages caused by severe weather/out of date
hardware.

‘* Prepared reports on a quarterly basis to address safety mishaps, accidents, building structure changes, and outdated
equipment.

‘* Responded to any emergencies as instructed and with utmost efficiency.

« Verified all safety fire extinguishers, first-aid kits, emergency wash stations, walkways/stairways free of debris and
trip hazards, spill hazards, and electrical components such as light fixtures, functioning exit signs, and alarms on a
monthly basis.

‘* Attended monthly safety meetings conducted by the safety manager in accordance with safety policies and
regulations

 

03/2021 to 08/2022 Inside Support Technician
AMERICAN SECURITY GROUP, LLC - City, STATE

+ Provided inside support for all customers and installers/service technicians out in the field,

‘ Programmed network security hardware and devices such as CCTV network cameras and servers and access
control equipment.

+ Configured network security hardware and devices as well as security software systems, cloud and non-cloud
based.

‘© Responded to support requests from end users and provided guidance through basic troubleshooting tasks.

‘© Trained users on how to operate video surveillance and access control management systems.

‘© Diagnosed and troubleshot problems to accurately resolve wide range of technical issues.

‘+ Evaluated and responded to incoming sales leads and requests for technical support assistance.

+ Assessed system hardware and software and suggested modifications to reduce lag time and improve overall speed.

«= Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different network security devices.

+ Followed up with clients to verify optimal customer satisfaction following support engagement and problem
resolution.

Epucation

 

High School Diploma
‘Willow Glen High School - San Jose, CA

03/2021 Certification: ITIL 4 Foundation
ACI Learning - Denver, CO

(CERTIFICATIONS

 

Active SECRET Clearance

ITIL 4 Foundation

* Configuration Management

OSHA 10-Hour General Industry Safety and Health
Fire Warden Certified

ApprTIonaL INFORMATION

 

Military Veteran - United State Marine Corps

Laneuaces

 

English Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated: