Summary

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

 

Offering 10 years of progressive experience in owning web-based projects from concept and design through testing, implementation and
client updates. Diligent about producing exceptionally clean, strong and secure code. Successful at achieving device and operating system
compatibility objectives while satisfying client desires and producing robust, sophisticated designs. Analytical problem-solver with top-notch
organizational, scheduling and code verification skills. Expertise in Python, Django Test Framework and Ansible scripting.

Semis

 

Scripting Languages: Python, Ansible and shell

Version Control Systems: Git, Github

Back-End Programming: Python, Django Rest Framework and DevOps Engineering: CICD with concourse and Jenkins

ORM

Analytical Thinking
Agile Software Development

Application Development
Databases: MySQL, MongoDB, Redis
MVC Architecture

‘Web and Application Servers with Linux, Apache, Nginx and

MySQL servers

EXPERIENCE

 

01/2018 to Current

Backend Web Developer - Python
Infosys Ltd — Normal, IL,

Gathered, defined and translated client requirements into product stories and actionable tasks.

© Wrote reusable, testable and efficient code using Python,

+ Performed code review for peers and provided recommendations for improvements

+ Troubleshot, tested and remedied issues before software deployment.

‘© Worked closely with business partners to create and deliver high-value solutions to meet their needs

+ Analyzed Business and System Requirements assessing the customer's needs, validating them and preparing
functional specifications.

‘* Designed, Developed and architected Automation tool to provision, validate and certify the Versa Network
components using Django rest framework, MySQL and Robot framework.

# Developed infrastructure monitoring framework using celery scheduler, Redis sentinel cluster, python and django
rest framework by developing KPI use cases and implemented and monitored large number of Linux and Versa
components

‘* Developed and deployed CICD pipelines using concourse ci application and ansible scripts to build and deploy
web application in various environments like QA and Production with blue green deployment.

‘* Developed a MaaS (Monitoring as a Service) architecture for live monitoring n-number of Linux servers by using
Prometheus, Telegraf, Alerta and Grafana dashboard open source tools and added custom metrics libraries using
python.

‘© Worked on Django rest framework with router based URL and endpoint creation for the huge endpoint
‘management in the Micro service and ORM architecture with MySQL and MongoDB.

‘© Worked on Creating Terraform workspace to orchestrate VM provisioning in OpenStack cloud and automated
deployment and managed Versa Network platform infrastructure

‘* Developed a python script using Iperf modules to test DTOS on the Linux servers and Versa controllers

‘© Worked on Versa Component connectivity (Controllers, Analytics), CPE Onboarding and High Availability related
issues

‘* Worked on MongoDB with Django rest framework and ORM architecture for handling and storing data in the
‘SDNet provision orchestrator

‘* Developed python script to cleanup Nexus artifactory using the Nexus API and scheduled deployment using
Jenkins

‘* Developed provision system on python scripts to provision SDWAN networking using Versa Networks API called
SDNet working with Kafka, Zookeeper and apache spark

‘* Worked on Dockers and Kubemetes for automating the web application deployment

‘© Defined and conducted design processes at all stages, including research, conceptualization, testing and
implementation.

‘© Developed performance metrics collection scripts using Python with Versa networking API and automatically
generate Excel workbook and Metrics Graph

‘* Developed Ansible and Python script for automating deployment and maintenance tasks like scheduling script
execution and alarm log export, restore and archive logs using proxy connection for large number of servers

* Created Orchestration to provision SDWAN versa networking developing python, Django rest API, ORM and
‘MongoDB along with Kafka, Zookeeper Queuing system

‘© Worked on Elastic search, Kibana and Log stash (ELK) to forwarding logs and monitoring logs. Also automated
Log monitoring and Validations using application developed in Python API

‘© Using Python Elastic search API, automated Kibana log monitoring and indexing to add monitoring and validating
in the Test automation tool

‘© Developed a python script on automating the configuration for Arista switch for port turn-up and shutdown
operations and Vyos router.

‘© Worked on automating Virtual machine deployment and operations using the Python OpenStack APT's like Nova,
‘Neutron, Keystone and Glance API's.

* Developed Ansible playbooks to deploy web servers and integrated with Jenkins, Sonar and Nexus Artifactory to
Implement CICID for quick and automatic deployments

+ Contributed in Mitaka OpenStack version open source development to create Neutron network element using
ansible

04/2016 to 01/2018 Python Developer

06/2012 to 04/2016 App!
TATA Consultancy Service Ltd - Microsoft Offshore — City, STATE

Bdo — Boca Raton, FL

‘* Analyzed code and corrected errors to optimize output.

‘© Worked closely with systems analysts, engineers and programmers to understand limitations, develop capabilities
and resolve software problems.

+ Implemented new API routes, architected new ORM structures and refactored code to boost application
performance.

‘* Programmed applications and tools using object-oriented languages with goals of code abstraction, stability and
reuse.

‘© Mentored entry-level Python development personnel, providing both intemal and external positions with technical
guidance and education.

‘© Managed project parameters, scheduled development milestones and set engineering goals with data-science team.

‘+ Analyzed user needs and software requirements to determine design feasibility.

‘* Developed End to End testing strategy using python and ansible to create virtual machines in openstack with versa
images and provision them and testing the connectivity and network functionality of system and provide the results

‘* Developed performance metrics collection scripts using Python with Versa networking API and automatically
generate Excel workbook and Metrics Graph

‘© Worked on Automated using python for configuring IPSEC Vx-LAN tunnels with AES encryption and Configured
LAN side BGP by connecting the External peer routes like Vyos and linux VM.

 

 

tion Support Developer

+ Assessed code during testing stage to determine potential glitches and bugs

+ Collaborated with support team to assist client stakeholders with emergent technical issues and develop effective
solutions.

* Code bug fixes & enhancements in functionality for existing applications

‘© Created a Python script to automate user creation and migration of Linux and MySQL data from Unix environment
to Azure environment and SQL server

‘* Automated the Bugzilla application deployment in Linux environment using shell scripting

‘© Worked on Nagios server monitoring system like configuring, alerting and monitoring the Linux and MySQL
servers

‘© Worked on PADTI application to integrate Bugzilla defect tracing tool with Perforce source code system

‘© Worked on Unix shell scripting to monitor Unix and MySQL environment

‘* Developed a PERL script to creating and retrieving bulk data components in MySQL environment

‘ Resolved customer issues by establishing workarounds and solutions to debug and create defect fixes.

‘© Designed training materials and reference guides for end-users.

+ Performed troubleshooting of post-release software faults to support live service and installed software patch
design.

+ Coordinated system installations, testing and code corrections

Epucation Np TRAINING

04/2012

Laneuaces

 

Bachelor of Science: Production Engineering
Government College of Technology - Coimbatore

 

(CERTIFICATIONS

English Tamil:
Negotiated: Negotiated:

 

* Certified Python Developer Certification in Vskills certification
* Certified Django Developer Certification in Vskills certification