SUMMARY

 

SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

 

 

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

WEBSITES,
PORTFOLIOS,
PROFILES

 

 

Jessica Claire

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Highly efficient Personnel Manager offering more than 26 years of performance in fast-paced and challenging
administrative environments. Resourceful team player focused on developing efficient processes using
knowledge of HR administration, recruiting and employee records management. Adaptable and strategic with
strong proficiency in managing productive performance.

-Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and
exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.
-Diligent leader focused on manpower management and dedication to prompt project completion and
continual adaptation. Team-oriented collaborator with reliability and focus on equitable task distribution
through group projects and motivation to accomplish mutually held goals.

-Studious and passionate professional with extensive knowledge of teaching workforce material using modern
methodologies. Cultivates positive relationships with students to enhance participation and increase overall
success. Outgoing and friendly with fantastic attention to detail

- Attentive and adaptable Teacher skilled in management of classroom operations. Effective in leveraging
student feedback to create dynamic lesson plans that address individual strengths and weaknesses
Dedicated and motivated to encourage student growth through carefully monitored academic progress

- Versatile Department Manager recognized for providing exceptional leadership and guidance to employees.
Responsible and dependable professional with more than 26 years of comprehensive experience overseeing
staff, conducting training and implementing strategies. Familiar with successful training methodologies and
industry developments.

- Motivational leader and organizational problem-solver with advanced supervisory, team building and
customer service skills. Experience stepping into roles and quickly making positive changes to drive company
success. Focused on using training, monitoring and morale-building techniques to maximize employee

‘engagement and performance.

+ Policies Implementation + Team Collaboration
+ Personnel Engagement + Recruitment Strategies

‘+ Work Complaint Handling + Recruiting and Sourcing

‘+ Networking and Partnership Development + Self-Motivated Work Ethic

‘+ Employee Relations + Management Consulting

+ Affirmative Action + Learning Skills Development

+ Procedure Compliance + Curriculum Planning and Implementation
‘+ Employment Data Tracking + Student Motivation and Engagement
+ Decision Making + Lesson Planning

+ Transfer Coordination + Positive Reinforcement

+ Policy and Procedure Writing + Schedule Management

+ Employment Recordkeeping + Curriculum Development

‘+ Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) + Classroom Management

‘+ Retention Program Development + Interactive Teaching/Learning

+ Project Management + Informative Lectures

+ Project Planning + Student Engagement

+ Data Evaluation + Time Management

+ Performance Management + Test Proctoring

‘+ Staff Training and Development * Core Curriculum and Standards
+ Confidential Document Control + Incident Management

‘+ Management Development * Procurement Planning

+ Time and Labor Control + Aircraft Service

+ Attentive to Detail + Staff Training

‘+ Military Maintenance Standards + Routine Inspections

‘+ Safety Protocol Knowledge * Schedule Coordination

+ Team Building + Logistics Supervision

+ Team Management + Personnel Oversight

+ Problem Resolution + Equipment Maintenance

+ Planning & Organizing + Training Coordination

+ Training & Development + Recordkeeping Skills

‘+ Maintenance & Repair * Computer Skills

+ Critical Thinking + Experience in Leadership

+ Organizational Skills + Program Evaluation

+ Relationship Building + Improvement Plan Knowledge

Supervision & Leadership Quantitative Skills

Reliable & Trustworthy

AVIATION MAINTENANCE SUPERINTENDENT 02/2018 to CURRENT

Donaldson Inc. | Greeneville, TN

Coordinated efficient maintenance schedules to keep systems running at peak levels.
Researched, read and interpreted technical manuals and guidelines before inspections, installations
and repairs.

Utiized drawings and schematics to install, remove and modify aircraft structures, systems and
components.

Reported issues, malfunctions, unusual wear, or damage to appropriate personnel.

Managed repair logs, documenting preventive and corrective aircraft maintenance activities
Updated maintenance and repair logs according to services performed and submitted reports to
supervisors for review.

Reviewed work orders and discussed with supervisors

Completed scheduled and unscheduled safety and performance assessments.

Planned work procedures using charts, technical manuals and experience.

Requested aviation parts and supplies before scheduled repairs to meet inventory needs.
Supervised and completed flight line foreign object prevention walks.

Recommended replacement, repair or modification of aircraft equipment based on inspection
Maintained aircraft environmental systems, oxygen systems, fire extinguishing systems and utility
systems,

PRODUCTION CONTROL MANAGER 09/2016 to 01/2018

Idex Corporation | Shelby, NC

Prepared weekly schedules to maintain adequate floor coverage
Planned and delivered training sessions to improve employee effectiveness and address areas of
weakness

Recruited and trained new employees to meet job requirements

Organized team activities to build camaraderie and foster pleasant workplace culture.

Resolved customer inquiries and complaints requiring management-level escalation

Evaluated individual and team business performance and identified opportunities for improvement.
Held regular one-on-one meetings with employees to review performance and priorities and provide
feedback.

Analyzed business performance data and forecasted business results for upper management.
Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards
each day,

Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.

Reviewed completed work to verify consistency, quality and conformance

Assigned work and monitored performance of project personnel.

Mediated conflicts between employees and facilitated effective resolutions to disputes

Reviewed employee performance and provided ongoing feedback and coaching to drive performance
improvement.

Responded to customer inquiries and complaints professionally

Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various
company programs

Planned and led team meetings to review business results and communicate new and ongoing
priorities

Maintained customer awareness to recognize success and identify areas for improvement.

Proposed or approved modifications to project plans

Produced thorough, accurate and timely reports of project activities

Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations

AVOTION MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT MANAGER 03/2015 to 08/2016

Autozone, Inc. | Aguada, PR

Assigned work and monitored performance of project personnel.
Managed team of employees, dally progress reports and overall project planning.

Proposed or approved modifications to project plans

Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.

Implemented preventive maintenance program by planning and coordinating major scheduled
maintenance outages

Resolved customer inquiries and complaints requiring management-level escalation

Implemented on-the-job training activities to cross-train employees on various tasks.

Implemented improved training procedures to better develop new personnel.

Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various
company programs

Gained and implemented valuable knowledge by participating in aircraft maintenance training and
special projects.

Analyzed various aspects of corporate logistics to determine most cost-effective or efficient means of
transporting products

Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards
each day,

Supervised preventive maintenance projects, employee tasks and performance and adherence to
safety standards.

Reviewed employee performance and provided ongoing feedback and coaching to drive performance
improvement.

Planned and led team meetings to review business results and communicate new and ongoing
priorities

Delegated daily tasks to employees to manage resources and meet deadlines

Reviewed completed work to verify consistency, quality and conformance

Held regular one-on-one meetings with employees to review performance and priorities and provide
feedback.

Interviewed prospective employees and provided input to HR on hiring decisions

Recruited and trained new employees to meet job requirements

Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and effectively diffused tense situations

HLOMAN RESOURCES SPECIALIST 03/2014 to 03/2015

Vaasa | (Mount Hood) Government Camp, OR

Conducted background checks and orientation, coordinating new employee onboarding process
Developed and documented HR procedures to refine processes and drive compliance with policies
Established and maintained trusted relationships around organization to optimize business and
employee experience.

Partnered with senior HR team to communicate company standards and policies.

Maintained human resources records by processing applications and resumes.

Safeguarded human resource information, maintaining employee confidence and protecting operations.
Provided essential support to address individual HR needs of employees.

Liaised with management to distribute training and promotional opportunity resources to employees
Worked with HR department to devise and update policies as needed for corporate accountability and
workplace health

Identified opportunities to improve HR programs and proposed solutions to increase efficiencies
Developed incentives to drive employee retention and improve work culture.

Developed recruitment updates to review trends, competitive intelligence and talent demographics.
Worked cross-functionally to optimize efficiency and execute on HR business processes.

QUGLITY ASSURANCE MAINTENANCE MANAGER 07/2012 to 03/2014
United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

Monitored product trends and suggested changes
Created, edited and updated project manuals and technical documentation used by entire QA team
Reviewed current standards and policies.

Trained and mentored project leaders to drive culture change toward total quality mindset across
production continuum

Compiled data on quality issues and vulnerabilities and reported findings with suggestions for
improvement.

Inspected, removed and replaced malfunctioning equipment and tools to minimize workflow disruptions
Identified needed resources and aligned with project milestones, deliverables and prioritization for
viable production planning

Managed company onboarding processes, interviewing and selecting new quality assurance personnel
Kept records of quality reports and statistical reviews

Supervised and guided inspectors, technicians and other staff.

Established procedures and quality standards.

Established product specifications and quality assurance practices.

Fielded customer complaints and rectified service issues.

Managed supplier key performance indicators and checked materials for compliance with specifications.

LEOAL CLERK/SENIOR ADMINISTRATIVE MANAGER 03/2011 to 06/2012
United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

Organized and executed court calendar with daily cases and supervisor meetings
Performed extensive research to prepare for court cases and gathered pertinent case information
Corresponded daily with clients, insurance adjusters, doctors and attorneys

Liaised between attorney and outside counsel, exchanging information

Maintained knowledge on case status by reviewing relevant records and reporting back to clients
Recorded judicial decisions, legal articles and legal codes

Participated in client interviews, observed questioning process and documented information.
Drafted motions, briefs and other legal documents

Called witnesses to give testimonies during court hearings

Processed closing documents and transactional documents for legal review.

Drafted witness declarations and pretrial statements

Contacted witnesses and scheduled interviews and evaluations

Analyzed legal statutes, codes and previous court decisions to determine optimal course of action
Filed pleadings and paperwork with court clerk to meet strict deadlines.

Created and updated case management and client account databases.

Organized legal documents in company filing systems and databases

Filed pleadings and appeals with court clerks to expedite trial proceedings

Handled telephone calls, meeting plans and conference organization requirements

Stayed abreast of changes in legislative and regulatory guidelines.

Provided administrative support and conducted research to assist attorneys in civil litigation
preparation

Drafted correspondence, documented data and submitted materials to appropriate parties
Responded to client calls and inquiries to deliver applicable information.

Managed office scheduling and kept accurate notes on deadlines, motions and other dates.

Met with clients and attorneys to discuss case details and evidence

Knowledgeable dealing with pleadings, affidavits, motions and exhibit preparation

Filed clients’ legal documents in relevant courts for processing

Established work procedures or schedules to organize dally work of administrative staff.

Monitored office inventory to maintain supply levels.

Analyzed internal processes and recommended and implemented procedural or policy changes to.
improve operations

Created and revised systems and procedures by analyzing operating practices, recordkeeping systems
and forms control

‘Automated office operations to optimize accounts payable and receivable, customer correspondence
and data communications

Represented work unit at meetings or conferences to serve as liaison for requests or complaints.
Organized and maintained documents, files and records.

Managed purchase requisitions and approvals for all department equipment and supplies
Supported staff through in-service training, providing mentorship and additional resources
Oversaw complex office support, managing records database and organizing contracts
Conducted staff performance evaluations to monitor progress and individual skils.

Managed paper or electronic filing systems by recording information, updating paperwork and
maintaining documents.

Managed busy calendar for executive team, planning and preparing meetings and communications
Directed and oversaw office personnel activities

Coordinated and conducted classes to teach procedures to new staff members

Worked with management team to improve workflows and eliminate unnecessary tasks.

AICDRAFT MAINTENANCE INSTRUCTOR 11/2008 to 03/2011
United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

Selected curriculum and instructional aids to increase students’ understanding of core concepts.
Administered standardized tests to assess progress and evaluate need for improving course materials.
Collaborated with other subject and grade-level teachers to build complementary educational
frameworks for students.

Planned in-class activities, discussions and lectures to increase student comprehension and
participation.

Maintained student records detailing progress, attendance and program requirements.

Collaborated with other educators to address deficiencies in program offerings.

Built life-long learning skills and strong study habits in students to help each prepare for higher-level
education

Cultivated collaborative and innovative learning environment to meet each student's unique educational
needs

Planned and conducted activities for balanced program of instruction, demonstration and work time,
providing students with opportunities to observe, question and investigate

Maintained school-wide culture of respect and actively used positive behavioral interventions and
supports (PBIS) disciplinary methods.

Applied variety of instructional resources to meet needs of students with varying backgrounds and
learning styles

Documented and reported on student grades in compliance with school policies.

Created appropriate learning environments for students

Promoted safe and clean classroom environment conducive to individualized and small group needs.
Conducted on-the-job training classes and demonstrated principles, techniques, procedures and
methods of diverse subjects.

Gave constructive feedback to students to improve learning and progress against course objectives
Crafted lesson plans to meet diverse learning modalities and ensure inclusive learning environment.
Prepared course objectives to follow school's curriculum standards established by school and state

MICITARY RECRUITER 12/2005 to 11/2008
United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

Searched for qualified job candidates using computer databases, media advertisements or employee
referrals.

Selected qualified job applicants or referred to managers to make hiring recommendations

Sourced, qualified and conducted screening interviews with job candidates.

Developed or implemented recruiting strategies to meet current or anticipated staffing needs
Interviewed job applicants to obtain information on work history, education or job skills

Contacted job applicants to inform of application status.

Reviewed employment applications and job orders to match applicants with job requirements.

Hired employees and processed hiring-related paperwork.

Informed job applicants of duties and responsibilities, compensation and benefits.

Scheduled or conducted new employee orientations.

Maintained current knowledge of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action guidelines and
laws

Informed or trained management on interviewing, performance appraisals or documentation of
performance issues

Prepared or maintained employment records using human resources management system software
Analyzed employment-related data and prepared reports

Maintained and updated organizational charts, employee handbooks or performance evaluation forms.
Advised management on organizing, preparing or implementing recruiting or retention programs.
Conducted exit interviews and completed employment termination paperwork,

AVOTION MAINTENANCE SUPERVISOR 03/2003 to 10/2005

United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

Oversaw workforce schedules and allocated resources in order to achieve project goals.
Prepared and planned worksites to help jobs run smoothly.

Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.

Reported project progress, site problems and labor status to supervisors

Delivered positive reinforcement and constructive criticism for employee work efforts.

Reviewed project blueprints and specifications to determine number of workers needed to complete
Jobs

Gained and implemented valuable knowledge by participating in aircraft maintenance training and
special projects.

Kept records of parts and equipment used in projects to update inventory.

Inspected completed work to assess quality and identify skill gaps

Noted equipment problems and requested maintenance support to minimize downtime

Filled out work orders, repair logs and maintenance plans to document work completed.

Monitored employee work levels and optimized performance with strategic approaches.

Established and enforced clear safety policies to protect workers from injury.

Created work crew schedules and delegated assignments

Determined schedules, sequences and assignments for work activities, based on priority, quantity of
‘equipment and personnel skill

Trained and monitored employees to teach daily tasks and improve performance.

Implemented onsite safety protocols and procedures and properly trained team members on prevention
measures

PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION INSTRUCTOR 05/2002 to 04/2003
United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

Built life-long learning skills and strong study habits in students to help each prepare for higher-level
education

Applied creative instruction methods to promote student learning objectives

Developed syllabus of lectures, classwork and assignments and distributed to students on first day of
class

Used exams, quizzes and projects to assess how well students grasped learning material and concepts.
Directed full classrooms of students to develop various kinds of research

Collaborated with fellow staff members to promote positive and welcoming learning environment.
Promoted safe and clean classroom environment conducive to individualized and small group needs.
Built strong student rapport by driving classroom and online discussions and providing academic
advisement.

Maintained student engagement through creative subject delivery and learning activities.

Supervised dissertational research work to assist research publication process.

Evaluated and supervised student activities and performance levels to provide reports on academic
progress

Improved classroom teaching methods by observing fellow educators and learning new techniques.
Collaborated with professor to manage education projects from start to finish

‘Adapted methods of instruction and classroom materials to address individual student needs.

Identified valuable online resources to use in conjunction with lectures and coursework

Participated in continuing development and training to bolster professional teaching skills

AVOTION STRUCTURAL MECHANIC 01/1998 to 05/2002
United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

Tested components and systems using infrared engine analyzers, compression gauges and
computerized diagnostic devices.

Planned work procedures using charts, technical manuals and experience.

Adjusted and repaired systems to meet manutacturers' performance specifications

Performed troubleshooting and diagnostic procedures to locate source of malfunctions

Inspected and verified dimensions and clearances of parts to verify conformance to factory
specifications.

Tracked repair and maintenance activities with daily log updates and thorough reports.

Updated maintenance and repair logs according to services performed and submitted reports to
supervisors for review.

Reviewed work orders and discussed with supervisors

Disassembled units and inspected parts for wear with micrometers, calipers and gauges.

Performed preventive and corrective maintenance on 8 Marine Corps aircraft and 3 Naval aircraft at the
Intermediate/ Operational maintenance level

Balanced flight controls for accuracy and safety.

Attached test instruments to equipment, reading dials and gauges to diagnose matfunctions

Utiized hand and power tools to detect and repair aircraft malfunctions and damages

Prepared metal parts of requisite measurements by way of fabrication, soldering stretching or shrinking.
Examined and adjusted protective guards, loose bolts and specified safety devices.

Executed corrosion control and inspection duties with minimal supervision.

Used diagnostics and troubleshooting tools to identify failures and equipment issues.

SEQVICE TRAINEE 05/1997 to 12/1998

United States Marine Corps | City, STATE

Identified areas for potential improvement and gave feedback to trainer.
Handled basic issues and problems under direct supervision, escalating more complex issues to
appropriate staff.

Attended training sessions and meetings to learn new information and develop personal skils.
Displayed strong telephone etiquette, effectively handling difficult calls.

Assessed company operations for compliance with safety standards.

Sought out assistance and asked questions to further understanding.

Collaborated with senior employees and managers to fill in wherever needed

Implemented strategies to take advantage of new opportunities.

Asked questions about tasks to learn techniques and how to operate without supervision

Worked closely with human resources to support employee management and organizational planning
Worked alongside senior team members to learn related job tasks and roles.

Developed essential skills and techniques through diligent practice

Entered and filed documents and records into system

‘Tracked project schedules and encouraged teams to complete tasks on time while staying on budget
Identified opportunities to assist others and took initiative to seek out additional projects

Identified areas for improvement, narrowing focus for decision-makers in making necessary changes.
Maintained positive working relationship with fellow staff and management.

Shadowed managers and senior employees to gain experience, noting down observations.

Worked with senior personnel to troubleshoot and diagnose issues with equipment.

Maritime Prepositioning Force Course | Staff Planner, Team Lead 10/2022
Naval Expeditionary Warfare Training Group, Pacific, San Diego, CA

Bachelor of Science | Workforce Education And Development 12/2020
Southern Illinois University Carbondale, Carbondale, IL

Dean's List for four semesters
Scholastic Honors Award Recipient
3.4GPA

Graduated cum laude

Apprenticeship Program, USMAP | Computer Operator 12/2020
The United States Department of Labor , San Diego, CA

J

 

\t Forces Staff College | Senior Enlisted Joint PME Il Course 08/2018

National Defense University, Washington, DC

Apprenticeship Program, USMAP | Airframe Mechanic 06/2018
The United States Department of Labor, San Diego, CA

LSOGB, Airspeed | Green Belt Certification, CPI 02/2015
Naval Aviation Enterprise, Havelock, NC

J

 

it Forces Staff College | Senior Enlisted Joint PME | Course 10/2012

National Defense University, Washington, DC

Diance Education Program | Advance Staff Course 04/2012
Marine Corps University, Quantico, VA

Diance Education Program | Career Staff Course 02/2011
Marine Corps University, Quantico, VA

‘Sustance Abuse Counseling Program | Substance Abuse Control Officer 09/2010
Marine Corps University, Quantico, VA

SeQual Assault Prevention And Response | USMC Uniformed Victim Advocate 05/2010
Marine Corps University, Quantico, VA

J

 

it Training School (JIT) | Joint Service Instructor 03/2008

Center For Naval Aviation Technical Training (CNATT), Pensacola, FL

ReOruiter, USMC Military | Canvassing Recruiter, 12/2005
Marine Corps Recruiting Command , San Diego, CA

8

 

s | Professional Selling 12/2005

Achieve Global, San Diego, CA

 

ic Instructor Course (BIC) | Professional Military Education Instructor 03/2002

Marine Corps University, Quantico, VA

Qulity Management Course | Auditing 11/2001
Coastal Carolina Community College, Jacksonville, NC

Ai

 

ames and Powerplant Technician | General Aviation Course 09/2001

Coastal Carolina Community College, Jacksonville, NC

Ai

 

ames And Powerplant Technician | Power Plants Course 09/2001

Coastal Carolina Community College, Jacksonville, NC

Ai

 

ames And Powerplants Technician | Airframes Course 08/2001

Coastal Carolina Community College, Jacksonville, NC

A

 

ition Power Plant Engine Course | T-58 Engine (IMA) Mechanic 04/2001

Naval Air Maintenance Training Group, Jacksonville, NC

Ai

 

mes Structures Mechanic 12/1997

Center For Naval Aviation Technical Training (CNATT), Pensacola, FL

A

 

ition Mechanic Core Course | Structural Mechanics Hydraulics & Structures A1 12/1997

Center For Naval Aviation Technical Training (CNATT), Pensacola, FL

Mczhanies | Auto Mechanics | & Il 06/1995
Dowell J. Howard Vocational Technical Center, Winchester, VA

InsQuctional Methodology
San Diego City College, San Diego, CA

Recognized as honorable service member of the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation medal for
outstanding management and organizational contributions during three separate periods of service
Recognized as honorable service member of the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement medal for
performance and team contributions during two separate periods of service.

linkedin. convin/dan-graves-jr-14952b215