Professional Profile
Maria Thomas | Cabin Crew
Location: Abu Dhabi, UAE Telephone: +971 123456789 Email: mariathomas@example.com
'A passionate and innovative First Class Cabin Crew member with strong experience in hospitality and a successful background in the provision of excellent guest services for premium airlines'
Possesses the ability to effectively motivate and train high performance Economy and Business Class Cabin Crew in the delivery of innovative in-flight services to achieve passenger satisfaction and to encourage adherence to service and safety standards. Skilled in the execution of pre-flight checks, with a commitment to maintaining aircraft equipment and cleanliness, facilitating on-board requests, and delivering key passenger announcements. Applies excellent communication skills when dealing with VIP passengers, ensuring pilot wellbeing and when resolving inflight issues to achieve the delivery of high quality standards.
Core Skills
→ Customer/Guest Services → Pre-Flight Checks
→ Aircraft Safety Standards
Career Summary
Mar 2014 - Present
Outline
→ Cabin Crew Operations In-Flight Services
→ Crew Training/Leadership
First Class Cabin Crew Etihad Airways, UAE
→ Aircraft Safety Standards
→
Passenger Satisfaction → Food and Beverages
Commenced employment as Economy Class Cabin Crew prior to being promoted to Business Class and First Class; work closely with In-Flight Chefs and act as a role model for 12 Economy and Business Class Cabin Crew to encourage adherence to service and safety standards; report to the Cabin Manager.
Key Responsibilities
• Attend regular pre-flight briefings in order to receive the assigned working position for each flight.
• Perform pre-flight checks pertaining to equipment safety, the cleanliness of the aircraft, the availability of on-board refreshments and special requests, landing cards and first aid equipment.
•
Respond to passengers with special requirements such as special meal requests, accessibility or
communication challenges, wheelchairs, VIPs, frequent flyer passengers, and infant seat requirements.
• Personally deal with numerous VIPs, Royal Family members, media representatives and ambassadors flying in First Class.
• Swiftly and diplomatically resolve any seating issues before preparation for take-off.
•
Deliver clear and timely announcements and keep passengers informed of any delays and issues.
• Administer first aid to passengers when required and deal with medical situations in a discrete and professional manner whilst keeping the situation and passenger calm and reassured.
Finalise all necessary paperwork such as stock control and the logging of faults and incidents which may have occurred during the flight.
Key Achievements
• Experienced a 90 percent customer-experience success rate based on written surveys from passengers taken after a flight.
• Received recognition from Etihad Airways for providing innovative ways to demonstrate safety procedures.
Jan 2012 - Mar 2014
Outline
Cabin Crew/ Flight Attendant
Cyprus Airways, Larnaca, Cyprus
Worked within a team of 15 Economy and Business Class Cabin Crew to encourage adherence to service and safety standards throughout each flight; report to the Cabin Manager.
Key Responsibilities
• Ensured that all emergency equipment was present and in working order prior to take off.
• Presented vital professional demonstrations of safety procedures and equipment use before every flight.
• Administered first aid to passengers and ensured the prompt resolution of any security situations.
• Ensured the provision of a friendly approach when greeting and welcoming passengers on board. Consistently delivered outstanding customer service and maintained the standard throughout the flight. Maintained effective communication with pilots with a responsibility for their wellbeing.
Page 1