JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Information Technology Specialist with over 25 years of experience in information systems and customer support services. A support technician
with expertise in troubleshooting desktop applications and hardware devices. An independent Information Technology Specialist task with
configuring and testing hardware to meet security requirements for enterprise integration. A professional who maintains technology skills to
support customers with network services and desktop support. A System Analyst with over 8 years of experience in assessing and advancing

ystems to align with customer demands. A certified Information Technology Specialist that consistently trains in the latest trends to support,

 

fature requirements

 

SKILLS

* Desktop Support * Property Management

© Customer Service

Troubleshooting

* Application Support

Computer Security
* Hardware Installation
* Change Management
* Software Installation

Mobile Device Support

Database Administration

Mobile Device Support

‘Work EXPERIENCE

 

Information Technology Specialist, 05/2020 - Current
Department Of Homeland Security — Chesapeake, VA

« Provide customer support in troubleshooting common or unique computer problems. Resolve technical issues to restore computer desktop
operations and enterprise services. Apply technical education and expertise to systematically identify enterprise wide or local network
issues, resolve technical problems, escalate trouble tickets submission beyond scope of administrative authority.

+ Manage hardware through lifecycle and disposal of all government property. Maintain inventory of hardware disposal. Perform hardware
inventory via Remedy as required to account for government property. Process Remedy tickets for hardware issue or returns to
organizational depot.

« Identify and document all technical problems requiring local helpdesk services using Remedy reporting system. Track and monitor all open
Remedy tickets to completion or resolution of customer satisfaction.

* Provide LT. configuration manager of user desktop profile, email account configuration, organizational mailboxes, network share drive
mapping, and network printer configuration setup.

* Resolved customer problems with web integration services for unique applications, multifunctional services of print, scan, or copy using
enterprise services.

« Provide user account management (create/edit/delete) using Active Directory services. Perform Move/Add/Change (MAC) to fulfill
customer requests for computer services.

* Perform network administration in processing System Authorization and Access Request (SAAR) for users. Administer network
permission list to manage network share drives, folders and file access as required by organizational policy.

* Provide customer support for Cloud service data and file storage using OneDrive or Box.

« Provide user training on basic computer troubleshooting to resolve routine problems thus empowering user in basic computer skills and
increasing customer satisfaction.

* Maintain 100% security of hardware and software by deploying patch management to administer servers, client systems and other IT assets,
to include endpoint software to protect against spam, phishing and other types of attacks or malicious code.

«Aid intemal/external users in computer operations and network services using remote desktop tools. Provide step-by-step instructions
resolve enterprise connection issues or services involving user's local Internet Service Provider (ISP). Correct Domain Name Services
configuration for extemal connection to enterprise services to support teleworking by 100%.

+* Ensure all mobile devices follow agency guidance on data encryption. Maintain 100% of mobile operating system updates to support cyber
security for mobile device management.

+ Install and configure Microsoft Office 365 Mobile apps for enterprise services. Perform device administration of enrollment, device
account reset, device retirement, and remote wipe to support security of user information. Troubleshoot mobile device problems to restore
mobile services. Perform upgrade of mobile apps and mobile operating system to maintain devices within cyber security framework

+ Using image deployment tools, install and configure operating systems to support desktop/laptop operations. Restore user profile and data

« Identify broken hardware in need of repair services or replacement, escalate service ticket and route work order for hardware maintenance
or warranty services. Perform hardware repairs to expedite return of computers or hardware to customer.

«Assist customers by providing documentation using easy to understand language on computer workarounds/procedures to address common
computer problems or technical issues

* Perform database administration to add/remove users to support client applications. Task with daily backup of database to support
restoration policy and availability of data. Administer database security to maintain database permissions.

* Support MacBook users, installing and maintaining iOS operating system. Install and configure VPN software for secure network services

and communications using office products for iOS. Perform MacBook application installation and security updates

Information Technology Specialist, 07/2011 - 09/2019
Department Of Homeland Security — Cleveland, OH
« Process user documentation to create user network account, provide user setup of desktop profile, email configuration of user account and
organizational mailboxes, map network share folders and network print devices, configure web applications to support user processing and
unique hardware requirements, user support and integration 100%
* Re-image, deploy and manage workstations, provide Move/Add/Change service to support computer relocation , add or remove software,
change hardware and software configuration, provide Change management support 100%
* Develop user data backup program using PowerShell scripts to enable users to safely backup working data, resulting in 0% data loss.

 

* Manage workstation updates, deploy security patches via update services to resolve security issues, routinely scan computers for securit
compliance, maintain desktop computer security controls to align with cyber security framework 100%

* Troubleshoot software errors and hardware malfunctions by performing analysis to isolate root cause, document testing and results to
provide proof of concept of corrective measures, maintain 98% computer uptime

+ Establish procedures for internal trouble ticket management. Increased customer satisfaction by 75% by providing first-line support in
resolving 95% of trouble tickets

« Perform site survey to identify infrastructure services for data and telecommunication support, develop checklist of accessories to support
relocation efforts, develop project to establish work orders, statement of work, budget, and relocation timeline to execute phase approach in
office transition to reduce relocation impact by 60%

+ Account for all computers, mobile devices, and communication equipment, perform monthly inventory to achieve 0% loss of government
property.

* Deploy network Multi-Function device for network printing/copying/scanning services to support users, provide easy instructions on
secure scanning of documents to email inbox, demonstrate step-by-step instructions to support all users 100%

* Support sending of large files, provide training DoD SAFE website to transfer files that exceed email limitations. 100% of users trained

« Install Virtual Private Network (VPN) software to support users in remote locations, configure VPN connection profiles to allow easy use
and secure connection to enterprise network, trained and supported
users 100%

«Apply technical education and experience to systematically identify enterprise wide or local network issues, resolve technical problems, or
escalate trouble tickets beyond scope of administrative authority, follow up and update all trouble tickets to completion 100%

* Write and communicate information to users of varying knowledge on information technology issues, produce tutorials to support end-

publish technical documents

on technical solutions or work-around, reducing trouble call time by 60%

users using easy to understand terminolo;

 

* Manage user training records to support annual cyber security training requirements, track and assured all personnel trained in cyber
security and Personal Identifiable Information (PII) handling, resulting in 100%

unit training completion

 

Information Technology Speci
Department Of Homeland Security — Irving, TX
‘* Managed data center and maintained operational uptime of 98%

ist, 04/1995 - 05/2011

+ Installed, configured and managed web services, hosted online resupply web program providing logistical support to remote installations,
reduce unit resupply time by 70%

« Installed, configured, and manage relational database system for electronic record processing and data retention, eliminated paper
processing effort by 80%

* Developed database queries to support data importing and exporting to desktop applications. Implemented database backup and restoration
procedures, reduce restoration time by 80%

« In performance of field service technician, provide first line support in troubleshooting desktop computers, operating systems, network
devices, solve 90% of trouble tickets

* Train and mentor junior Information Technology Specialist in web development and programming using Dot Net Framework, JavaScript,
Cascading Style Sheets, and structured query language, to fully support web services with full time web developer.

+ Prepared information systems for accreditation, performed security scans and analysis to mitigate computer security threats, implemented
and followed guidelines for implementing server hardening and system
approval with 100% pass rate

+ Server as Responsible Officer in custody of information technology property, successfully accounted all government property with 0% lost

in inventory.

 

EpucaTion

Bachelor of Science: Information Technology, Business Analytics, 2015
University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ

Associate of Science: Software Engineering, 2011

University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ

CERTIFICATIONS

© CompTIA Security +

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Training:
Facing Confrontation in Customer Service Training - 2021

‘Widows 10: Troubleshooting for IT Support - 2021

‘Windows 10: Advanced Troubleshooting for IT Support - 2021
Telecommunication & Information System Coordinator Training - 2019
Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) Training - 2019
‘Navigating through Changes and Conflicts in Projects Training - 2021
Microsoft SQL Server Back up Database 2016

Microsoft SQL Server Stored Procedures 2016

Section 508 Training

Awards

09-Jun-2019 Performance Award
04-Feb-2018 Performance Award
19-Mar-2017 Performance Award
13-Dec-2011 Time Off Award
20-Dec-2010 Time Off Award
19-Dec-2010 Performance Award
03-Jan-2010 NSPS Performance Increase
04-Jan-2009 NSPS Performance Increase