JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

* Overall 13+ years of experience in SAP Basis Administration, SAP HANA DB, Technical Operations & solution architecting on cloud.
* Cettified in In-memory architecture and data-management by Prof. Dr. Hasso Plattner’s Open University.

 

Adhere to the business process and work closely with the different teams/departments to document various issues and create RCA report

and submit to the customer.

* Performed security audit on customer systems for SOX compliance

* Consolidated the information gathering process from various teams by changing the current process of documenting the issues

« Preparing the RCA documents for customer issues and share the information with SAP board members. (Products and Innovations area)

«5+ years of project lead role which includes customer escalation handling and people management.

+ Experienced in various SAP Technical projects which includes design, planning and support and having excellent analytical &
troubleshooting skills, project management, staffing, capacity planning, mentor and coach.

© Expert in estimating TCO and ensure maximum ROI and preparing RFP.

« Participated in the design, implementation, and support (go-live, post go-live) of SAP projects.

+ Experienced professional in SAP HANA DB installation, upgrade and performance tuning.

+* Knowledge of project lifecycle phases of software development, functional design and technical specifications, data conversion,
performance tuning, mentoring, and end user training

« Experienced in landscape setup for SAP partner products (ISV) implementation & integration with SAP products

* Conducted SAP Technical administration trainings for internal & external teams.

© Delivered sessions on SAP HANA capabilities at SAP TechEd, Bangalore in the years 2011, 2012 and 2013.

‘Work History

Senior SAP Technology Consultant, 10/2015 - Current
Publicis Groupe — Philadelphia, USA
« Investigating RCA (root cause analysis) for the HEC (HANA Enterprise Cloud) customers and providing a detailed report of the issue and
the fix both with the P&I board members and customers
« Run security audits on customer systems.
* Coordinating between different technical teams which includes various applications, network and operating systems to find the root cause
of the issue.
* Analyzing the HANA DB and provide solutions to the issues.
* Supporting the RCA team in getting the issues resolved,
* Through analysis of the customer systems and propose best practices to the customers.

‘© Supporting escalated customers and ensure all the issues are addressed and customer is confident of the solution,

 

Analyzing the landscape design and propose new solutions to the customer requirements

S/4 HANA and SAP HANA training and support

Senoir HANA database consultant, 2014 - 09/2015
‘Verizon Communications — Helena, USA

+ Primarily focused in SAP HANA database administration, architecting and solutions at the customer location.
Asa SAP HANA COE, design, setup and support the technical architecture of the SAP HANA landscape and operations

 

+ SAP HANA revision implementation; upgrade planning, execution and support.

+ SAP HANA performance analysis, tuning, troubleshooting and Providing RCA to the issues encountered.

* De-escalation architect (DEA) for the projects in escalation handling by coordinating between teams with different skills and working
towards solving customer issues on-site.

+ Experienced in Replication, backup and recovery, High Availability, Disaster Recovery and Table distribution in SAP HANA.

« Involved in multiple SAP Implementations, upgrades & production support roles, over various flavors of SAP applications running on

different operating system and database combinations.

Services Quality Senior Specialist, 07/2011 - 2014
SAP Labs India — City, STATE, India
* Performed installation of SAP ERP ECC 6.0 on AIX, RED HAT Linux platforms with DB2 9.5 Database.
© Create business process documents for diffrernt products and review them.
« Prepare technical specification docuements for implementation projects.
« Installed and Supported SAP Solution Manager on AIX on DB2 Database.
« Involved in the landscape and project planning for the new projects (Upgrade planning, new dimension product implementation),
* Executed a daily basis administration task in SAP and OS systems.
* Topic owner from India for all software logistics tasks such as Transport delivery, daily auto imports, pre-imports & Takt/Sprint based
imports

+ Mentoring new colleagues in the team to scale them up for our daily operational tasks and make them work independently.

SAP basis Technical services professional, 2011 - 07/2011
IBM - City, STATE, India
# SAP basis technical project planning, resource allocation and reporting the progress to the stakeholders.

Planning and execution of administration activities like system upgrade, support pack update, database reffesh, system copy.

Scoping the project and execution of the project plan.

Support the senior managers in capacity planning and cost analysis.

Co-ordination between teams for successful execution of the project.

Preparing RFP for new projects

SAP Basis Project Lead, 04/2007 - 2011
Wipro Technologies — City, STATE, India

* Project lead for SAP account, responsible for business growth, technical consultation for various customer projects both on-site and
remote.
Architect the SAP ERP upgrade projects.

 

« Involved in business discussions and prepared project scope using ASAP methodology.

« Involved in billing related activities along with technical tasks.

Senior Software engineer, 01/2006 - 04/2007
Bristlecone India — City, STATE, India
« Installation and configurations of SAP systems on various OS and DB combinations.
+ Prepared the system landscape design, documentation preparation for the projects.
* Local Client copy, Remote Client copy and Maintaining R/3 clients Exporting and Importing of Table Data through r3trans Define Roles &
create authorizations with the SAP R/3 Profile Generator.

Software Engineer, 02/2005 - 10/2005

IBM Global Services — City, STATE, India
* Created users and assined roles.
* Supported security related issues and educate the customers with the authorization process.
* Troubleshooting systems and performance related issues

 

 

SKILLS
C, C+, SQL, PL/ SQL. Applications: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project), Remedy
Operating Systems: UNIX, Windows,Linux, Solaris, Self-study: SQL script, HAPDOOP, BIGDATA, IoT., Content
Database Systems: SAP HANA, Oracle, MS SQL. marketing
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology (B-Tech): computer science and Information Technology, November 2003
INT University - Hyderabad