Paul Anderson | Commercial Airline Pilot
Location: London Telephone: 01234 567 890 Email: paulanderson@example.com
Professional Profile
'A quality and safety focused Licenced Commercial Airline Pilot with over 20 years' experience, over 5000 flying hours, and a career-long commitment to aviation'
Experienced in flying both passengers and cargo on long and short-haul flights. Demonstrates an unwavering commitment to ensuring the safe and efficient operation of the aircraft and the safety of crew and passengers. A strong communicator, skilled in collaborating air traffic control and leading cabin crew to ensure passenger comfort and satisfaction. Proficient in flight planning, FAA regulations, and in the use of weather and climate, and navigation and operating systems.
Core Skills
Modern Aviation
Flight Health & Safety Airport Administration
Career Summary
Aircraft Technology
• Aviation Maintenance Cabin Crew Management
• Airline Management FAA Regulations
.
Weather & Climate Systems
Aug 2016 - Present
Outline
Commercial Airline Pilot
British Airways, Heathrow Airport, London
Worked alongside the Second in Command to fly Boeing 737 aircrafts for local and international, short and long- haul flights, with overall responsibility for the safety of 9 cabin crew and approximately 260 passengers.
Key Responsibilities
Oversee the creation of flight plan in line with aircraft performance, altitude and weather conditions.
Conduct safety checks of the aircraft inclusive of engines, radars, and navigation systems prior to each flight. Evaluate cargo weight to ensure that it doesn't exceed aircraft limitations.
Ensure secure and safe take-offs and landings in communication with air traffic control.
Supervise the loading and fuelling of the aircraft to ensure adequate fuel supplies and that fuel levels balance safety with economy.
Collaborate closely with flight attendants to ensure that all passengers adhere to onboard safety rules.
Devise reports pertaining to the flight and the aircraft status following landing.
• Ensure the receipt of route, weather and passenger information to create the flight plan outlining the flight altitude, planned route, and the required fuel.
Brief the cabin crew prior to the flight and maintain regular communication throughout the flight duration. Conduct additional checks on the aircraft's technical performance and position, as well as weather conditions. Communicate flight updates with passengers using the public address system.
Update the aircraft logbook and produce end of the flight reports, noting any incidents or aircraft problems.
Key Achievement
• Presented with the 'British Airways safety' award for going above and beyond when conducting routine safety inspections prior to take-off and landing.
Sep 2014 - Jul 2016
Outline
Airline Pilot, First in Command
Jetsetter Airways, Heathrow Airport, London
Worked with the second in command to ensure a safe and comfortable flight, and great passenger experience.
Key Responsibilities
• Conducted various pre-flight checks of the aircraft operational systems, created and adjusted flight plans accordingly and ensured secure and safe take-offs and landings.
• Ensured adherence to all standard operating practices, FAA and airline regulations, and strict compliance to all safety standards and international policies.
Led effective communication with the second officer, air traffic control, airline personnel and cabin crew.
• Steered safety checks on operational equipment, navigational controls, fuel levels, and communication tools to guarantee a safe, and problem free flight.
• Regularly checked the airplane's position, weather conditions and air traffic throughout the flight and determined a change of path when required.
Page 1