JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Summary

 

Professional with strong abilities in human resource, recruitment, staffing, training & development, employee relations, company
investigations, health benefits, compensation negotiations and organizational planning. The experience working with diverse groups of people
at all levels of an organization including government, non-profit, corporate, manufacturing environment and call center facilities

 

Hicuucars

Solid managerial and effective leadership experience. Knowledge of federal, state, local laws and FLMA, ADA, EEOC
Ability to manage multiple tasks employment laws

in a matrix environment. Creative problem solving skills and the ability to articulate well-
Excellent written & verbal communication skills. reasoned judgment based on factual analysis.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 

‘* Masters of Art, Management & Human Resources Development, Awarded 12/2004
* Bachelor of Science, Criminal Justice Administration, Awarded 7/2000
* Associate of Arts, Criminal Justice/Law Enforcement, Awarded 7/1995

EXPERIENCE

 

05/2014 to 02/2015 Human Resources Manager-Contractor
Lyondelibasell Industries — Evansville, IN

‘© Manages the following Human Resources functions in cooperation with HR model and Centers of Excellence:
recruitment, employee relations, training and development, organization development, talent management,
compensation, and HR policies

* Provides counsel and direction to the Site Director, management team, and employees in the area of employee
relations in order to achieve a high level of employee morale and maintain a positive employee relations
environment. Ensure employee problems are resolved through coaching, teamwork and performance management.

‘* Advises the Site Director and senior management with regard to talent management, organizational design and
development.

‘© Develops and implements wage and salary administration programs for hourly and salaried employees to attract
and retain qualified personnel,

‘© Promotes and implements diversity initiatives to ensure and inclusive work environment.

07/2012 to 05/2014 Human Resources Manager/EEO-Officer
MINACT, INC/ ST. Louis Job Corps — City, STATE

‘© Supervise two (2) employee's, a HR Specialist and HR Clerk

‘ Serving as the Center Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Officer for 213 employees.

‘* Developing and maintaining the Center's Affirmative Action Plan.

‘+ Administering general personnel policies, including staffing and organizational planning.

‘Investigate allegations of company policy violations, interview victims and witnesses to drive out information,
prepare details reports, and submit to Director, VP and Corp Office, to determined next step.

Recruiting, posting new jobs, prescreening, setting up interviews, extending job offers and orienting new
employees.

‘* Administer the HR budget for recruitment, travel, training and tuition reimbursement.

‘+ Training center management (25) and line staff (188) on implementation of human resources related policies,
procedures, and subject matters, in the SOP, PRH, and PAG. In addition provide training in effective
communication skills, problem resolution, and diversity and harassment issues

+ Coordinating the transfer, promotion, and termination of employees.

‘* Response to employee's questions/problems with regards to recruiting, compensation, benefits, payroll, and
timekeeping issues and provide timely feedback or resolution,

‘* Administer the employee relations/disciplinary action including, written warning, suspension, terminations,
grievance procedures and conducts investigations on rule violations.

‘+ Administering wage and salary negotiation for exempt and non-exempt employees.

+ Administering employee's benefit plans, medical, dental, FMLA, STD, LTD and retirement programs, and
disseminating information to employees.

09/2010 to 2011 Administrative HR-Generalist 3-Contractor
TACS/Northrop Grumman/USPS - City, STATE

‘* Respond to employee’s questions/problems with Recruiting, Compensation, Benefit, Payroll, Timekeeping, and
Employee Relations issues and any other process and provide timely feedback and problem resolution.

‘* Performed salary negotiations with new hires based on budget allowances for each position.

Performed various administrative projects and special assignments, including editing of new and continuing reports
ofa highly confidential nature.

‘© Assisted other staffing and accounting managers with projects and task as needed, including processing Security
Clearances and New Hire Offer Packets.

 Inmanager’s absence, ensures that requests for action or information are relayed to the appropriate staff members
and interprets requests and help implement action, as needed,

05/2009 to 07/2013 HR Consultant
HR Transitions, LLC — City, STATE
# Create customize employee handbooks for small business owners with 15 or less employees
+ Prepare oral presentations on job readiness, such as dress code, proper ID for 1-9 form, and work ethic, ete
‘ Providing career counseling
+ Assist with employment opportunities for recent graduates as well as mid career changes.
+ Advising clients on EEO laws and employees relations issues.
‘* Enhancing clients resumes leading to better job opportunities.

10/2007 to 04/2009 Manage HR Recruitment/Contract Recruiter
YWCA Of St. Louis/HR-Partnership — City, STATE

‘© Managed and recruited top talent for both Head Start and Metro Divisions of the YWCA.

‘© Worked with hiring managers to determine budgets for compensation negotiation for hiring needs of the
organization, driving the process

‘© Negotiated salaries with new hires based on compensation scales, per budget allowances

+ Performed Salary Surveys from various school districts for all level of positions for competitive market value

‘* Adapted retention strategies to retain top talent.

Attended career and job fairs

‘+ Advised and counseled staff on career development

‘= Posted and updated job openings on company website, and send to staff.

‘© Managed recruitment budgets, developed and place all written advertisements, utilizing a variety of sources such
as, Intemet, newspaper, job fairs, and containing cost and self supporting budgets where necessary

‘© Made all job offers negotiating salaries based on in house requirements

‘* Provide weekly and monthly reports on hiring activity/time to fill to Manager.

‘© Trained, implemented and conducted new employee orientations classes

+ Promoted the wellness program and assisted with implementing additional computer based educational classes to
promote life-long learning for full time employees

‘© Creative thinker to strategize new recruitment and training options.

05/2007 to 08/2007 Recruiter/Talent Acquisition-Contractor
Brown Shoe Corporation — City, STATE
‘© Managed, counseled and recruited top talent for MO, CA, WI and NY divisions.
« Pre-screened qualified candidates for open position and forwarded to hiring manager.
‘© Managed recruitment budgets for compensation negotiation
+ Placed ads on company website, Intemet, and newspapers, as well as attend job fairs. for open positions
‘+ Made job offers, negotiating salaries based on compensation allowances
* Conducted background & drug screening
‘ Set up new hire orientations
+ Advised staff on career path development

08/2006 to 03/2007 Recruiter, -Contractor-Spencer Reed LLC (KC, MO)
Verizon Wireless/US Cellular — City, STATE.

‘+ Recruited for all St. Louis Metro area and Southem Illinois, 40 retails stores, Managers, Asst Mgr, Retail Sales, and
Customer Service Reps.

* Consulted with employees on employee relations issues, concerns, and recommend resolutions with the exception
of the call center.

© Made job offers

‘* Submitted drug and background checks

‘+ Entered employment information into PeopleSoft HRIS

* Responded to all applications in a timely manner

04/2006 to 06/2006 Sr. Recruiter- Contractor
Express Scripts/Prostaff — City, STATE

‘* Responsible for bringing top talent into roles by continuously sourcing, recruiting, interviewing, and hiring
qualified internal/extemnal candidates

‘© Accountable for both exempt and non-exempt positions; build partnerships with department leaders to assess the
needs of the business.

‘« Extended verbal offers, discuss compensation package, gather employment documents, and conduct employment,
background, drug, educational and criminal checks

‘* Entered applicant employment information into PeopleSoft HRIS

‘© Responded to all inquires in a timely /efficient manner, via-phone or e-mail

 

Epucation
2004 Management & Human Resources Development
Webster University - St. Louis, Missouri
Webster University, St. Louis, Missouri Masters of Art, Management & Human Resources Development, Awarded
12/2004
2000 Bachelor of Science: Criminal Justice Administration
Columbia College - St. Louis, Missouri
Columbia College, St. Louis, Missouri Campus Bachelor of Science, Criminal Justice Administration, Awarded 7/2000
1995 Associate of Arts: Criminal Justice/Law Enforcement
St. Louis Community College at Florissant Valley - Ferguson, Missouri
St. Louis Community College at Florissant Valley, Ferguson, Missouri Associate of Arts, Criminal Justice/Law
Enforcement, Awarded 7/1995
PRESENTATIONS

 

Prepare oral presentations on job readiness, such as dress code, proper ID for 1-9 form, and work ethic, ete

Semis

 

‘Human Resources, Eeo, Equal Employment Opportunity, Clients, Compensation, Employee Relations, Hr, Recruitment, Training, Budget,
Recruiting, Payroll, Problem Resolution, Staffing, Affirmative Action, Benefit Plans, Benefits, Clerk, Dental, Fmla, Long-term Disability,
Ltd, Posting, Short-term Disability, Sop, Std, Steering, Suspension, Terminations, Recruiter, Coaching, Performance Management, Talent
‘Management, Hr Information System, Hris, Peoplesoft, Customer Service, Receptionist, Retail, Retail Marketing, Retail Sales, Sales, New
Hires, Budgets, Accounting, And Accounting, Security, Career Development, Perm, Ads, Talent Acquisition, Accountable For, Interviewing,
Associate