Robert Smith Pane (23) 4867899

Email Infoguvikresume,com

Website : won quikrestime, com
Informatica Et! Developer Lnkedin: linkedin. com/quikresurne

‘Address; 1737 Marshullle Road, Alabarna

 

SUMMARY

Over 7% years of experience in T industry including 6 years of expertise in Analysis, Design,
Development, Implementation, Modeling, Testing, and Support for Data Warehouse applications,
Informatica Master Data Managernent, Data Quality and Data integration. Strong DWH & ETL
‘experience in Informatica Power Center developrnent, design, process and best practices
experience as ETL Analyst and Developer in US.

SKILLS

MS Office, Management,
WORK EXPERIENCE

Informatica Et! Developer
‘ABC Corporation - March 2013 - August 2015

+ Performed major role in understanding the business requirements and designing and loading
the data inta data warehouse (ETL).

+ Used ETL Informatica) to load data frorn source to Data Warehouse,

+ Used Informatica client tools - Source Analyzer, Warehouse designer, Mapping Desaner,
Mapplets Designer, and 7tansformation Developer for defining Source amp; Target
definitions and coded the process of data flow trom source system to data warehouse

+ Developed mappings in informatica to load the data from various sources Into the Data
Warehouse, using different transformations Ike joiner, Aggregator, Update Strategy, Rank,
Router, Lookup, Sequence Generator, Fllter, Sorter and Source Qualfier,

Used informatica repository manager to backup and migrate metadata in development, test
and production environments,

‘Worked with mapping wizards for slowly changing dimensions and slowly growing dirnensions
by using Informatica mapping designer

Used Informatica Workflow Manager and Worlflow Monitor to schedule and monitor session
status.

Informatica Etl Developer

Delta Corporation - 2009- 2013
Inter acted with the Functional Analysts to understand the process flow and the business,
‘Analyzing Source to Target mapping Excel document.
Coordinating the tearn and assigning dependencies tasks to tearm
Created Reusable Transformations and Mapplets, used thern in Mappings to develop the
business joaic for transforming source data into target.
Implernented Type t Slowly Changing Dimension methodology Far accessing the full history of
customers.
Created complex mappings using Unconniected Lookup, Sorter, Aggregater, dynarnié Lookup,
Filter, Update Strategy, and Router transformations.
Worked with Memory cache for static and dynamic cache for the better throughput of sessions
Containing Rank, Loakup, joiner, Sorter and Aggregator transformations,

EDUCATION

Bachelors of Technology in Technology - (NTU)

(0 This Fra Resume Tablas the copyright of Qwakesume com. Usago Guida