Aviation Resource Manager I ROBERT SMITH
Phone: (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
Objective
Military veteran with experience in data management, personnel management, financial, and records management/ seasoned manager who thrives individually or in a team environment/ exceptionally able to balance the needs of personnel with the needs of the company/ proven performer recognized on separate occasions as employee of the year.
Skills
Microsoft Office, Powerpoint, Excel, Filing, Medical Terminology, Blood Draws, Blood Draws, Healthcare.
Work Experience
Aviation Resource Manager I
ABC Corporation - November 2000 - November 2004
• Operates and maintains the Aviation Resource Management System (ARMS).
⚫Interprets public law, plans, organizes, and directs aircrew and parachutist resource activities.
⚫ Reviews aviation mission accomplishment reports for accuracy.
⚫Initiates actions to support aviation management policies and procedures, and conducts
aircrew and parachutist interviews.
• Prepares and processes aeronautical and military pay orders and flight authorizations,
• Performs aviation and parachutist resource management functions.
⚫Monitors flight physicals, physiological training, aircrew qualifications, and other aircrew and parachutist-related programs.
Aviation Resource Manager
Delta Corporation - 1996 - 2000
⚫ Filing, maintaining aviation flight records, data entry, auditing records, customer service, coordinating with other offices. Microsoft Office Excel..
• Maintaining flight records Validating aircrew safety and physical requirements Monitor daily flight mission data Establish schedules for aircrew
⚫ Scheduled dozens of flying events and maintained a high deconfliction of flying events
Operated and took accountability of high secure radio systems.
Hurlburt Fld, FL/ Afghanistan, Africa, Iraq and Kuwait Led 6 person tem responsible for maintaining control and accountability of individual flight.
⚫ Flying hour program manager responsible for $2.5 million budget.
⚫ Hand-selected to rewrite the aviation resource management career development courseware.
• Created comprehensive reports and presentation to provide leadership with data to improve operation and make critical decisions,
Education
Bachelor's in General Bussiness-2014/Texas A &amp; M University-Commerce - Corsicana. TX)
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines