Robert Smith Pane (23) 4867899

mall Infocuvikresume,com
Website : won quikrestime, com
Linkedin: linkedin. com/quikresume.
‘Address; 1737 Marshullle Road, Alabarna

 

Apparel Department Manager

SUMMARY

‘A Apparel Department Manager position to apply my creativity and entrepreneurial skills gained
from diverse work experiences that have taught meto communicate effectively, provide excellent
customer service, and initate leadership.

SKILLS

Visual Merchanalsing, Marketing, Management, Social Media Marketing, Design.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Apparel Department Manager
‘ABC Corporation - June 2014 - October 2015
+ Oversaw the entire Apparel Department for the Reston store,
+ Created the current Instagratn account being used to promote the brand,
Merchandised new product daly, as well as managing the apparel tear.
Worked one on one with the Visual Manager to create new concepts and design floor plans.
‘Analysed business on 3 weekly basis to understand trends and ctiving product,
Answered telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to
‘appropriate Individuals,
Greeted visitors or callers and handle thelr inquires or direct them to the appropriate area
according to their needs,

Apparel Department Manager
Delta Corporation - 2010-2014
Supervise Associates by assigning duties, communicating goals, providing feedback and
follow-up, monitoring performance, teaching and supporting
Highlights Menaged associates white providing customer service and assistance through
Stocking, pricing and supporting ereular sign oft.
Also, properly maintained current planograms and floor plans per specific guidelines.
Monitored and evaluated sales performance of the Menswear Department; implemented plans

to achieve sales objectives,
Maintained appropriate inventory levels by executing all replenishment procedures and

‘appropriate inventory regimens,
Demonstrated and utilized product knowledge of merchandise carrled Inthe department to
better serve custamers and to enhance departmental sales

Executed weekly price changes and communicated with vendors.

EDUCATION
as

(0 This Fra Resume Tablas the copyright of Qwakesume com. Usago Guida