Summary

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

 

Hardworking, dedicated Martial Arts Instructor to adults and children of all ages. Community manager and networker with amazing customer
service and sales ability. Effectively performs all necessary duties in any employment.

Semis

«Skill development

 

+ Fluent in Portuguese

« Recreation program leadership © Organization
«© Leaming skills development * Active listening
‘© Workshop and conference presentations * Conflict resolution
« Student engagement + Employee Management
« Public speaking © Curriculum Management
« Interactive teaching/leaming © Payroll Management
« Detailed instruction * Environment Management
EXPERIENCE

 

01/2017 to Current

06/2016 to 10/2021

Martial Arts Instructor
Life Time Fitness — Garland, TX

‘+ Demonstrated proper martial arts techniques and helped students practice and master techniques and embrace
individual leaming needs and realistic goals for advancement.

‘© Managed all advertising through social media and YouTube campaigns.

+ Carefully orchestrated a community within the student base of multi-spoked connections, via non-training oriented
community events, networking, and martial arts events all over Florida.

‘* Created a philosophy and mission of how to teach effectively and joyfully, and spread that philosophy and mission
to other instructors.

‘© Managed a small community of instructors to provide classes daily.

‘© Managed all pay for the instructors in the program.

Created a schedule for instructors in the program,

‘© Sought out extra training both in the martial art and in the art of teaching to further increase effectiveness as a
program leades/head instructor.

‘= Assessed participants’ progress, corrected problems and advised on better methods

‘* Organized and documented all income, including distributing a percentage into an advertising budget.

Director
Austin Peay State University — Clarksville, TN

‘© Managed documentation for all clients of both the preschool and afterschool programs, including various waivers,
emergency contacts, immunization and proof of physical forms.

‘© Managed documentation for all employees, including various waivers, documentation of continued and relevant
training, and background screenings.

‘* Created, oversaw, and implemented the curriculum for both the preschool and afterschool programs.

‘* Designed, implemented, and maintained the academy environment, both in accordance with preschool licensing
requirements and with the general vision and direction of CapoKids' creators. This environment was modified
monthly to match the educational theme.

‘© Taught all classes in both the preschool and afterschool programs, including formal education and martial arts
classes for both programs.

‘ Cultivated and maintained positive relationships with employees and freelance personnel.

Recruited, trained and managed volunteers.

+ Improved staff morale by optimizing workload to support work-life balance.

‘* Assuaged any problems or displeasure the clients may have experienced via the fiscal department of the company.

‘© Made warm calls to prospective clients, and ensured their transition from prospect to legitimate client through well-
established and studied marketing methods

‘© Managed the outdoor environment, including lawn and maintenance work.

03/2013 to 05/2016 Barista

Sun Country Tours Bend, OR

‘* Operated cash register, collected payments and provided accurate change.

‘= Prepared and served hot and cold beverages such as coffee, espresso drinks, blended coffees and teas.

‘© Greeted guests with pleasant smile and superior customer service.

‘© Maintained calm demeanor during high-volume periods and special events.

‘* Maintained clean and organized workspace, enabling coworkers to locate resources and product.

‘+ Memorized official and off-menu coffee and tea preparations

‘© Described menu items to customers and suggested products based on stated preferences

‘* Received and accurately processed customer payments.

‘© Maintained highest standards of conduct and service to support company reputation,

‘* Educated customers on beverage menu items and provided samples of daily brews.

‘* Managed moming rush of customers daily with efficient, levelheaded customer service.

‘© Merchandised display cases and promoted prepared foods.

‘© Monitored cafe for seating availability, safety and wellbeing of guests.

* Created complex, hand-crafted beverages based upon customer preferences

‘© Managed inventory by establishing and adjusting ordering parameters, accurate forecasting and monitoring waste.

Checked temperatures of freezers, reftigerators and heating equipment.

‘© Supported store manager with recruiting, interviewing and hiring baristas.

‘* Performed minor maintenance and repairs on equipment and handled troubleshooting tasks to keep coffee
machines operational.

#* Decreased food and utensil waste by waste separation and recycling.

03/2009 to 05/2012 Server

La Madeleine, Inc. - Lewisville, TX

 Greeted customers, answered questions and recommended specials, wine and desserts to increase profits.

‘* Operated POS terminals to input orders, split bills and calculate totals.

«Satisfied customers by topping off drinks and anticipating condiments, napkins and other needs

« Promoted desserts, appetizers and specialty drinks to optimize sales.

* Collaborated with host, bus person and cook to serve up food and beverage options.

* Enforced minimum age requirements for consumption of alcoholic beverages by checking identification.

+ Asranged place settings with fresh tablecloths, tableware and flowers to create appealing tables

‘* Developed rapport with guests and assisted in generating repeat business by providing exceptional customer
service

+ Completed cleaning duties by sweeping and mopping floors, vacuuming carpet and tidying up server stations

+= Provided exceptional service to high volume of daily customers

‘* Cleared table and bussed dishes to allow for quick setups.

‘ Stocked server areas with supplies before, during and after shifts.

‘* Maintained accuracy while handling payments, giving change and printing receipts to customers.

‘Set up dining room to meet hospitality and service standards.

# Resolved customer concems with friendly and knowledgeable service.

‘© Welcomed guests with personable attitude and brought beverage orders while reviewing menu options.

* Checked on guests to verify satisfaction with meals and suggested additional items to increase restaurant sales.

‘* Developed strong and lasting resident relationships.

‘* Answered guest questions regarding menu, food and beverage preparation, recipe ingredients and allergens.

© Communicated with kitchen staff frequently to stay up-to-date on supply availability and potential customer wait
times.

‘+ Implemented sanitary food handling, holding and service protocols

‘* Addressed concems or complaints quickly to improve service and escalated more advanced issues to management
for resolution.

‘* Handled food safely and kept spaces clean to protect customers from foodborne illness and maintain proper
sanitation.

‘* Maintained knowledge of menu items, gamishes, ingredients and preparation methods to assist guests with mem
selection.

‘© Completed opening and closing checklists to facilitate smooth restaurant operations.

‘* Documented food orders and ran items to guest tables in dining room.

« Reset tables between guests, including refilling condiments and wiping down all surfaces.

+ Calculated charges, issued table checks and collected payments from customers.

‘ Relayed orders and special requests to cooks.

‘+ Handled special customer requests such as separate checks and menu substitutions.

‘© Minimized customer wait times by taking and filling large volume of orders each day.

« Provided timely checks on guest needs and brought requests

* Calculated accurate bill amounts and processed cash and credit card payments.

« Restocked tables, wait staff areas and order staging areas.

* Confirmed customers’ ages for alcohol service and discontinued service to intoxicated guests

‘© Discussed dining menu information to aid in decision process for senior residents.

 Cross-trained as host and helped with tasks such as greeting diners and escorting guests.

‘© Updated customers on menu changes and new food and beverage offerings to maintain quality service
relationships

‘© Welcomed incoming patrons and seated at optimal locations based on individual preferences and server balancing
requirements.

‘© Washed buffet, restaurant and banquet items, including silverware, dishes, cooking utensils, equipment and
displays.

‘© Requested photo identification from patrons ordering alcoholic beverages to verify legal age of consumption

Epucation Np TRAINING

 

05/2016 Bachelor of Science: Kinesiology
ity Edwardsville - Edwardsville, IL

  

Southern Illinois Univers

* President of the Capoeira Volta Ao Mundo Club

High School Diploma
Glenwood High School - Chatham, Illinois

Laneuaces

 

Portuguese:
Negotiated:

(CERTIFICATIONS

 

Certified Professor in Capoeira, Capoeira Volta Ao Mundo - 2021

Certified VPK Teacher, CapoKids Phillippi Shores - 2019

Certified School Bus Driver with CDL Class B, CapoKiids Phillippi Shores - 2017
Certified Preschool Director, CapoKids Phillippi Shores - 2019