Food and Beverage Manager CV Sample

Your Complete Name/Your Current Address/Your Phone Number/Your Email

Professional Summary

Having always been a fan of the dynamic work environment, Lam pleased to be able to offer
a number of bespoke sills within the food and beverages industry. Not only has my pas!
employment focused upon this sector, But Ihave bolstered my hands-on experience with
humerous taining courses and cerifications over the years. This makes me an idea)
candidate fer a management position. | om olso looking 16 pass my knowledge off to others
‘who may be just entering this amazing environment. | am aiso known for my hard work, my
excellent communication skis and my ability to cater to the needs of the individual customer.
believe that all of these talents are absolutely essential in our modemn times.

Core Qualifications
© Level 2 Food and Safety Hygiene for Catering (City & Guilds accredited)

Experience
2013 resent: Dict Manager of « London-based restaurant anchise. Duties include:
Supering he ongoing operations of four erent properties
‘Adaressng ine neese ctapproxmately &§ employees and urior manage
© Prenton Covel Rnescal soaiivand Gortusur ques provernent
20-2013: hit Supervisor. Responsbilies included
© Al reas ot tood preparation
® feat and cofety compionce
® Enployes management
® Glenttelofone ane general customer service enqute.
2006-2007 erver/Host Some oreos of expert revolved around
* feos handing and preparation

Cash flow managers
© Front desk greeter.

Education

© King’s College London: Business and Management Studies
© Lancaster University: Accounting and Finance BSc {Hons}, 2001-2003.

References

Al further references will be happily provided upon request $0, it should be clear to
appreciate the work that must go info your presentation. This food ond beverage manager
CV sample is intended to serve 05 @ rough template and guide when creating your own
professional summary. We encourage you to have @ look at the other employment took: at
your disposal throughout this website.