JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Experienced Senior Operations/Project Manager possessing comprehensive knowledge of project and program management techniques. Natural
leader driven to motivate teams to exceed business goals and targets while under pressure. Assertive and enthusiastic, with more than 15 years

‘of management experience and extensive knowledge of the Clinical Trials industry.

 

HIGHLIGHTS
* New Business Development © Relationship building
* Procedure development * Client relationships
* Process improvement strategies « Staff development

Contract management

‘Vendor sourcing

Systems implementation « Purchasing and procurement

 

EXPERIENCE

Head, Clinical Protocol Management Services. 2008 - 10/2013
Calibre Global — Perth, WA
+ Project Management: Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks Drafted action plans and led meetings with department
executives to review project status and proposed changes. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to draft project schedules and plans.
Updated and managed project databases.
+ Business Development; Negotiated rates to cut costs and benefit corporate partnerships. Identified, coordinated and participated in client
relationship-building activities and meetings.Tracked RFPs and bids to develop new business opportunities
* Client Support Services: Developed, implemented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction and manage on-site
customer service representatives Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives. Developed and implemented
policies, procedures and process improvement initiatives to improve retention rates and increase customer satisfaction,

* Logistics: Negotiated contracts with outside providers to minimize costs to the company and customers. Forwarded client-related quality

 

 

and service issues to the appropriate manager for resolution and CAPA reporting. Hosted monthly KPI and metrics review meetings with
vendors to ensure optimal service delivery.

* Production: Reviewed production orders, schedules, delivery dates and inventory levels to determine product availability.

* Trained, developed and counseled employees to develop a high performing team.

+ Budgeted monthly departmental expenses and implemented cost controls

« Provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management.

ACHIEVEMENTS: Instrumental in the establishment of newly formed business venture Sonic Clinical Trials Pty. Ltd. Successfully completed
the development of a fully validated Clinical Trials Management System along with an accredited central laboratory with supporting operations
‘facilities and SOP's. Achieved projected business plan goals within expected time lines in order fo turn Sonic Clinical Trials into a successful

and profitable division of Sonic Healthcare which is now servicing the pharmaceutical and biotech industries running clinical trials in the Asia-

Pacific region.

Operations Manager, 1998 - 11/2007
Sonic Clinical Trials Pty Limited/Covance CLS — City, STATE

« Project set up and management: Senior manager for projects at Sonic Clinical Trials in collaboration with the Global Project Manager
assigned by Covance CLS. Providing presentations at Investigator Meetings and site training sessions.

* Recruited, hired and trained up to 25 new employees for Operations and Kit Production and Logistics

+ Management and training of Operations department personnel

+ Identify process and efficiency improvements and implement solutions

+ Kit Production facility management including inventory management and logistics.

« Eared Covance Way Award for increasing productivity and efficiencies during 100% growth period for the region.

ACHIEVEMENTS: Regional coordination and management of over 800 clinical studies in Australia, New Zealand and Asia Pacific spanning
over 12 years. Studies spanned over 20 different therapeutic areas and serviced over 2000 regional investigator site locations. Effectively built
a strong operations/customer support team and production facility. Laboratory for Covance CLS Singapore was established in 2000. Provided

support and training of new Covance CLS personnel in all client support and sample management departments.

Operations Supervisor and Laboratory Scientist, 1996 - 1998
Sonic Clinical Trials / Covance CLS — City, STATE

ACHIEVEMENTS: Founding member of the Sonic Clinical Trials division of Douglass Hanly Moir Pathology under exclusive contract to
Covance Central Laboratory Services Inc. Received training at international Covance Europe and US locations as well as on site in Sydney.
Training was given in all necessary lab and operational functions required to support the central laboratory services in the region for Covance
CLs.

 

‘Work HisTory
Scientific Officer / Medical Scientist, 1992 - 1996
Douglass Hanly Moir Pathology — Sydney, Australia
Night Supervisor / Laboratory Assistant, 1989 - 1992
Southwest Diagnostics Pathology — Sydney, Australia
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Medical Laboratory Science
Charles Sturt University - NSW

Diploma Applied Science: Nursing
Catholic College of Education - NSW

PROFESSIONAL COURSES AND CERTIFICATIONS
Certification: IATA Dangerous Goods Awareness

Sydney, NSW

Training: Emotional Intelligence
Sydney, NSW

Training: Leadership in Action Workshop
Sydney, NSW

Training: Conflict Management and Resolution
Sydney, NSW

Training: Good Clinical Practices
Sydney, NSW

Training: People Management Program
Sydney, NSW

‘Training: FDA 21 Part 11 and Data Integrity
Sydney, NSW

Cross Cultural Training: Doing Business With Japan
Sydney, NSW

Course: Labware LIMS Administrator 1
Sydney, NSW

Course: Computer Systems Validation
Sydney, NSW

 

SKILLS

Operations Start-Up, Organizational Skills, Project Management, Team Building and Leadership, Business Development, Departmental
Operations Management, Staff Training and Development, Vendor and Contract Negotiations, Customer Relations, Quality Management,
Logistics, Communication Skills, Workflow Planning, Time Management, Biological Samples Transportation Logistics, IATA Dangerous
Goods, Systems User Requirement Specifications, Systems Validation

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

ARCS Australia - Association Regulatory and Clinical Scientists
DIA - Drug Information Association
Clinical Partnerships Asia