Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ¢ (555) 432-1000  resumesampleGexample.com

Professional Summary

Bilingual Human Resources Administrator offering over 12 years of progressive success in HR roles. Strong foundation of utilizing

excellent communication and emotional intelligence to build strong teams and cultivate positive work cultures. Superior employee

relations acumen and passion for recruiting, retaining and supporting high-quality talent to drive company growth.

Skills
* Policy and Procedure Development + Wages and salary
* Personnel File Management * Contract Negotiation
* New Employee Training * Organizational Development
* Onboarding * Pre-Employment Screening
* Conflict Resolution * Benefits and compensation
« Employee Relations * Training and mentoring
* New Hire Orientation * Training development
* Payroll Processing « File and records management
« Human Resource Management © Recruitment
* Background Checks
Work History

Human Resources Administrator, 01/2010 to Current

Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. - Spencer, IN

Liaised between multiple business divisions to improve communications.
Directed and controlled 401K, medical, dental and vision benefit packages.

Addressed employee conflicts with appropriate urgency, following all corporate procedures.

Oversaw exit interviews and off-boarding process for resigned and terminated employees.

Coordinated ongoing technical training and personal development classes for staff members.

Organized company-wide events designed to boost employee morale.

Oversaw hiring, staffing, and labor law compliance.

Prepared new hire letters, employee contracts and corporate policies.

Collaborated with entire human resource department to discuss new ways to recruit top talent,

Managed benefits enrollment by answering questions and aiding employees with login details.

Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure available information for new
training processes.

Answered employee inquiries regarding health benefits and 401k options.

Maintained optimal staffing levels by tracking vacancies and initiating recruitment and interview processes to identify qualified
candidates.

Structured compensation and benefits according to market conditions and budget demands.

Handled on-boarding process for newly hired employees, which included distribution of all paperwork.

Updated HR database with new employee information, changes in benefits and other details.

Planned, monitored and appraised employee work results by training managers to coach and discipline employees.

Completed human resource operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees.

Improved office efficiency by effectively managing internal communications and correspondence.

Advocated for staff members, helping to identify and resolve conflicts.

Reduced expenses by analyzing compensation policies and implementing competitive programs while ensuring adherence to
legal requirements.

Pre-screened resumes prior to sending to corporate hiting managers for consideration.

Oversaw HR needs for 40-employee operation across | locations.

Coordinated implementation of people-related services, policies and programs through departmental staff.

Improved organizational filing systems for confidential employee records, resulting in improved accessibility and efficiency.
Developed disaster and recovery strategy to prepare company for hazardous weather conditions, nuclear accidents and terrorist
attacks.

Assisted senior management with making key decisions by developing and submitting performance and compensation reports
with status updates and improvement recommendations

Administered benefits programs, analyzed compensation and other competitive data and prepared budgets.

Established workflow processes, monitored daily productivity and implemented modifications to improve overall performance
of personnel,

Managed budgets, appointment scheduling, employee and event itineraries and accounts to improve productivity initiatives.
Arranged corporate and office conferences for company employees and guests.

Established and developed strong administrative team by delivering ongoing coaching and motivation and fostering career
advancement.

Prepared meeting materials and took clear notes to distribute to stakeholders.

Managed office operations while scheduling appointments for department managers.

‘Compared vendor prices and negotiated for optimal savings.

Developed standard operating procedures for all administrative employees.

Coached new hires on company processes while managing employees to achieve maximum production.

Optimized organizational systems for payment collections, AP/AR, deposits and recordkeeping.

Oversaw office inventory activities by ordering and requisitions and stocking and shipment receiving.

Evaluated employee records and productivity to complete employee evaluations.

Coordinated special projects and managed schedules.

Oversaw quality control and productivity rates to increase revenue and production times.

Monitored and evaluated personnel performance to complete annual reviews, recommend advancement or address productivity
concerns,

Utilized client and staff feedback to maintain customer partnerships and increase revenue.

Initiated timely project management within budget constraints for multi-faceted problems concerning executive leaders.
Sourced vendors for special project needs and negotiated contracts.

Accounts Payable/Receivables Manager, 08/2009 to Current
Unicef — Washington, DC

Verified discrepancies and resolved clients’ billing issues
Reconciled daily AR ledger and verified proper posting.

Resolved valid or authorized deductions by entering adjusting entries.

Processed incoming payments in accordance with established financial policies.

Updated aging reports based on daily audits.

Prepared bills receivable, invoices and bank deposits.

‘Completed daily process adjustments to maintain accuracy.

Posted revenues by verifying and entering transactions from lock box and local deposits

Posted customer payments by recording cash, checks and credit card transactions.

Maintained records by imaging invoices, debits and credits.

Kept up-to-date and accurate funding accounts for internal departments, key programs and special projects.

Performed routine closings, maintained clean, accurate and accessible records and kept close eye on transaction updates
throughout each quarter.

Recruited, interviewed and hired 100+ employees and implemented mentoring program to promote positive feedback and
engagement.

Checked payroll, vendor payments, commissions and other accounting disbursements for accuracy and compliance.
Prepared cash flow projections, cost analysis and monthly, quarterly and annual reports.

Increased new bank relationships within local community through execution of quarterly promotions.

‘Complied with established internal controls and policies,

Validated existing accounting management and reporting systems to assess quality and conformance, identify problems and
implement corrective actions.

Performed banking, business administration and financial tasks to guarantee five-star service for clients.

Supported financial director with special projects and additional job duties.

Prepared intemnal and regulatory financial reports, balance sheets and income statements.

Reviewed historical records, current operational data and forecasting information to identify and capitalize on system
enhancement opportunities

Improved overall financial reporting by streamlining control processes and reporting structures.

Developed strategic plans for day-to-day financial operations.

Generated sales tax reports for each operational jurisdictions, monitored bi-weekly payroll and prepared and paid out sales

commissions.

Executive Assistant to the Chief Executive Officer, 05/1999 to 03/2004
South Texas National Bank — City, STATE

Contributed to smooth business operations by planning and organizing meetings and conferences.
Screened calls and emails and initiated actions to respond or direct messages for managers.

Produced accurate office files, updated spreadsheets and crafted presentations to support executives and boost team
productivity.

Prepared documents, reports and presentations for executives and board members using advanced software proficiencies.
Streamlined operations and prioritized tasks, allowing senior staff to increase productivity.

Coordinated travel arrangements by booking airfare, hotel and ground transportation.

Prepared meeting agendas and briefing papers for members of board of directors and executive team.

Used QuickBooks to produce monthly invoices, reports and other deliverables.

Organized envelopes, postage and mail correspondence for staff and management, maintaining postage meter and coordinating
with delivery and courier services.

Updated executives on changing business needs by thoroughly documenting internal and client meetings

Responded to emails and other correspondence to facilitate communication and enhance business processes.

Managed complex calendar scheduling with focus on proper allocation of executive availability.

Worked collaboratively with auditors throughout reviews, offering assistance and clerical support.

Processed travel expenses and reimbursements for executive team and senior management group.

Created expense reports, budgets and filing systems for management team.

Trained junior office staff in correct procedures and reporting requirements.

Developed and maintained automated alert system for upcoming deadlines on incoming requests and events.

Organized and coordinated conferences and monthly meetings.

Handled administrative requirements, maintained records and submitted operational reports.

Ordered, unloaded, sorted and tracked supplies and equipment needed for unit activities.

Managed all aspects of administrative and personnel needs of ground supply operations.

Prepared and delivered investigative reports and briefings.

Used coordination and planning skills to achieve results according to schedule.

Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.

Developed and maintained courteous and effective working relationships,

Handled over 50 calls per day to address customer inquiries and concerns.

Used Microsoft Word and other software tools to create documents and other communications.

Maintained energy and enthusiasm in fast-paced environment.

Education

Accounting And Business Management
Laredo Community College - Laredo, TX

High School Diploma: 05/1999
United High School - Laredo, TX