CAREER OVERVIEW

SKILLS

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

LANGUAGES

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

SKILLS

 

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Dependable, hard-working with over 10 years of experience in 8602 Aircraft Sheet metal. Experienced
Foreman with a strong background in industrial production, achieving success and increased productivity
through improvements in operations, quality, safety and administration.

+ Quality control + Dependable independent worker
‘+ Blueprint reading and interpretation + Excellent plan comprehension
‘+ Establishing goals and setting priorities + Strong organizational skills
‘+ Good verbal/written communication skills + Deadline driven

DRUG TESTING 02/2013 to 11/2015

Cenergy | Grand Bay, AL
Performed through a computer-generated random selection method for military and civilian workforce.

Duties

Effectively managed time and caseloads based on 200 sessions per week

Prepares quality documentation and reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information and trends
including failed processes, stability studies, recalls, corrective actions, and revalidation's

Design and executive test plans on computer applications.

Record and document results and compare to expected results. Document anomalies and issues

Quickly responded to crisis situations when behavioral issues arose.

Consulted OS! and Military SFS for appropriate treatment and rehabilitation plans for diagnosed patients.
Recorded comprehensive patient histories and coordinated information with plans with multi-disciplinary team
members.

SEQIES GS 2007
cT

+ Drug Demand Reduction Program The Drug Demand Reduction Program is Tinker's drug testing
program that is primarily performed through a computer-generated random selection method for military
and civilian workforce.

‘+ My duties are to define problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions

‘+ Interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in diagram form and deal with several abstract
concrete variables.

‘+ Participate in training to qualify to make reasonable suspicion determinations drug misuse and to
prepare the required documentation

+ Document each reasonable suspicion determination within two hours of the observed behavior or
before the results of the test are released, whichever is later.

+ Schedule random, reasonable suspicion, and post-accident testing, as appropriate.

+ Document, as required, the reason for non-compliance with reasonable suspicion and post-accident
testing criteria

‘+ Assign, as appropriate, non-safety sensitive functions to a covered employee during use of medication
prescription or non-prescription which adversely affects the employee's ability to safely perform safety
sensitive functions or while awaiting the results of a reasonable suspicion drug test.

SKCET METAL MECHANIC 12/2000 to 03/2015
Lkq Corp | Downers Grove

‘+ Work hours per week- 40 hours Achieve the inspections, repair, modification, installation and
troubleshooting of sheet metal, fiberglass, bonded honeycomb, structural materials and components as
well as treatment and painting of missiles and aircraft Aerospace Ground Equipment (AGE), and
monitoring aircraft

‘+ Audits work control documents (WCD) to verify completion of operations as assets are processed
through Production

+ Repairs cracks in aircraft skin.

+ Fabricate and fit patches to damaged areas, determining repair detail necessary to retain or restore
original strength

‘+ Independently inspects aircraft and determines the nature and extent of repairs to be made, using
applicable technical orders T.O.

+ as guidelines

‘+ Monitor work in progress and determines the impact on production schedules accurately.

+ Troubleshoots aircraft structural repair situations in such areas as fuselage, tails, wings, cowlings, and
stabilizers

+ Remove, forms, fits, and installs highly stressed and double contoured skins, using hand or powered
drilling and cutting tools and other metal working equipment

+ Align and balance component structures and airframe using precision measuring instruments and
levels.

‘+ Inspects damage or deterioration and determines repair or replacement of plastic, fiberglass,
composites, bonded structures, and bonded honeycomb assemblies using powered and non-powered
tools and equipment.

+ Perform fabrication of local manufactured items requited for aircraft and equipment.

‘+ Prepare and design layout, dies, jigs, and templates necessary to carry out fabrication repair or
modification of aircraft, engine, AGE, and other equipment.

‘+ Preform repairs, fabrication, modification, and installation of sheet metal parts, items, and assemblies

+ Physical properties and working characteristics of sheet metal, knowledge of tools, equipment and
knowledge of shop mathematics and principles

+ Planning and making pattern and template layouts using measuring instruments to produce desired
pieces, measured and marked specific dimensions on various metals.

+ Operating shop tools and equipment to construct manufactured items and systems with various seams,
and working with various kinds of metal, including magnesium, honeycomb material, galvanized,
aluminum and aluminum alloys, stainless steel, copper and brass sheets, lead alloys, and bronze

+ Strong familiarity with the use of hammers and other hand tools Solid math abilities used to accurately
calculate sheet metal cuts

+ Understanding of the handling of various metals

‘+ Follow verbal and written instructions.

‘+ Drilled precise holes in sheet metal and ensured that all parts fit

‘+ Maintained records of all sheet metal fabrication projects and repairs

‘+ Removal of rivets and other specific project requirements

‘+ Inspected all completed assemblies to ensure compliance with specifications

‘+ Secured all required materials and prepared related drawings and blueprints.

‘+ Determined project requirements, assembly sequences and scope

‘+ Ensured that all maintenance and repair work was prepared according to project specs.

+ Converted blueprints into shop drawings for various sheet metal projects.

‘+ Arranged for the safe transport of all prefabricated parts for assembly.

+ Trained new employees as per the request of management.

MERIAL HANDLER AND HAZMAT MONITOR 01/2009 to 01/2013
Campbells | Grand Junction

+ Work hours per week- 40 hours | was loaned into this position Conducted routine periodic inspections
within assigned area to estimate ongoing compliance: conducts compliance investigations within district
at both permitted and unpermitted sites; conducts investigations, gathers evidence, samples hazardous
and other suspect materials, and analyzes data to properly assess regulatory compliance

+ Guarantee MSDS are provided for all hazardous materials carried or used by the task force

+ Receiving hazardous materials which are required for production.

‘+ Sorting of the materials received and forwarding them to the appropriate departments.

+ Participated in the collection and sorting of hazardous materials produced in the production line.

‘+ Disposing of waste in a perfect manner.

* Continuously monitoring the site for issues related to environmental protection and compliance

‘+ Collecting the samples from different production units which have been disposed of.

‘+ Inspecting, repairing and maintaining special hazardous material equipment.

‘+ Giving presentations to different organizations about the importance of disposing hazardous material in
a perfect way.

‘+ Responding to the calls of emergency where there is an accidental exposure to hazardous materials,

+ Evacuating the area which is under danger.

‘+ Method different procedures to minimize the effect of accidental exposure

‘+ Inventory of hazard material over 100 individual line items inbound and outbound Knowledge of
transport and disposal procedures for safe handling of hazardous chemicals and/or radioactive
materials,

+ React calmly and effectively in emergency situations

+ Develop, implement, and enforce safety programs and protocols.

‘+ Performing safety inspections and ensuring compliance with OSHA safety standards.

+ Knowledge of federal, state and local safety regulations, protocols, and procedures

‘+ Operate, test and repair monitoring, sampling and analytical equipment and instruments

+ Communicate technical information to non-technical personnel.

‘+ Developing and conducting employee information and orientation sessions.

‘+ Work effectively with diverse populations

+ Knowledge of chemical, hazardous waste, industrial hygiene, and environmental health standards.

+ Developing safety procedures.

M.CERIAL HANDLER

+ Confirmed orders, arranging delivery of warehouse materials to loading platform Assessed and
produced bills of lading to set tariffs and shipping charges

‘+ Maintained stocking of shelves, produced formulations and audited transportation documents

+ Responsible for the examination of national and international inbound and outbound transportation
freight.

‘+ Provide on the job training to new material handling staff.

‘+ Provide information for the completion of incident reports in relation to health and safety issues or
material spills

+ Pulling orders for delivery and pickup.

+ Loading, unloading, verifying orders before shipment.

‘+ General forklift maintenance and reporting maintenance necessities

+ Tracking and monitoring inventory levels.

+ Unloading or loading a truck, picking up orders, staging material to be delivered, assisting a customer
with pickups and organizing the inventory on hand.

+ Loads and unloads materials onto and from pallets, trays, racks, and shelves by hand.

+ Loads materials into vehicles and installs strapping, bracing, or padding to prevent shifting or damage
in transit, using hand tools.

+ Conveys materials to and from storage and work sites to designated area, using hand truck, electric
dolly.

+ Secures lifting attachments to materials and conveys load to destination, using hand operated crane
and hoist, also signals crane or hoisting operators to move load to destination

+ Clean work area, machines, and equipment, using broom, rags, and cleaning compounds, to assist
machine operators.

‘+ Makes adjustments and repairs, such as realigning belts or replacing rollers, using hand tools

+ Discuss and co-ordinate tasks with coworkers

‘+ Interact with supervisors to get direction and to problem solve

‘+ Speak with other specialized staff regarding equipment repairs.

AIICDRAFT MECHANIC 01/1998 to 01/2013
Cenergy | City

+ Work hours per week- 40 hours Assists in higher graded Production Support Technicians in reviewing
and developing workload schedules

+ Conduct extensive and exhaustive research of catalog databases and information to locate more cost
effective available substitutes and new products.

‘+ Provided material management support for the total engine system when troubleshooting or evaluating
operational engine performance, since defects in one area often appear as symptoms in different
areas.

* Coordinate with Pre Production on all job requirements

‘+ Respond to specific requests requiring added identification data, or verification.

+ Research requirements using data systems information and T.O.

+ illustrated parts breakdown (IPB).

‘+ Provide skill and through knowledge in installing, removing, operating, and repairing a variety of
manufacture and modified aircraft engines and accessory systems in order to troubleshoot, maintain,
repair, and test different types of engines in aircraft test cells, maintenance shops, and on the flight line.

‘+ Knowledgeable of repair methods, overhaul, degrees of disassembly necessary, and the extent of
rework required before reassembly.

‘+ Inspects damage and determine the cause of the defect, test equipment to locate such as possible
material failure, foreign objects, or incorrect assembly, and determine the repairs needed

‘+ Monitors work in progress and determines the impact on production schedules accurately.

‘+ Initiates material support to meet aircraft and end item production schedules promptly and effectively.

‘+ Selecting appropriate techniques to identify engine malfunctions, including skill in interpreting crew
reports

+ Through technical orders TO

‘+ and specifications to determine the sequence and tolerances for adjusting variable stator systems or
determining tolerances of turbine bearing parts when troubleshooting a vibration problem

‘+ Composite multi-view blueprints, diagram drawings, to obtain the technical information needed to
assemble and trim engines.

‘+ Work with the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Retail item Manager, resolves discrepancies between
supply and maintenance systems.

‘+ This work includes: 1) Aircraft engines that have not been fielded: 2) Prototype engines; 3) Extensively
modified production aircraft engines that are dedicated to support research, testing, development, and
evaluation of engines and aircraft.

‘+ 4) In-service testing of potential engine replacement items.

 

Sk
NA| City

ET METAL MECHANIC. 01/1990 to 01/1998

‘+ Work hours per week- 40 hours Accomplish the inspection, repair, modification, installation and
troubleshooting of sheet metal, fiberglass, bonded honeycomb, structural materials and components as
well as treatment and painting of missiles and aircraft Aerospace Ground Equipment (AGE), and
monitoring aircraft

‘+ Audits work control documents WCD to verify completion of operations as assets are processed
through Production

+ Repairs cracks in aircraft skin.

+ Fabricate and fit patches to damaged areas, determining repair detail necessary to retain or restore
original strength

‘+ Independently inspects aircraft and determines the nature and extent of repairs to be made, using
applicable technical orders T.O.

+ as guidelines

‘+ Monitor work in progress and determines the impact on production schedules accurately.

+ Troubleshoots aircraft structural repair situations in such areas as fuselage, tails, wings, cowlings, and
stabilizers

+ Remove, forms, fits, and installs highly stressed and double contoured skins, using hand or powered
drilling and cutting tools and other metal working equipment

+ Align and balance component structures and airframe using precision measuring instruments and
levels.

‘+ Inspects damage or deterioration and determines repair or replacement of plastic, fiberglass,
composites, bonded structures, and bonded honeycomb assemblies using powered and non-powered
tools and equipment.

+ Perform fabrication of local manufactured items requited for aircraft and equipment.

‘+ Prepare and design layout, dies, jigs, and templates necessary to carry out fabrication repair or
modification of aircraft, engine, AGE, and other equipment.

‘+ Preform repairs, fabrication, modification, and installation of sheet metal parts, items, and assemblies

+ Physical properties and working characteristics of sheet metal, knowledge of tools, equipment and
knowledge of shop mathematics and principles

+ Planning and making pattern and template layouts using measuring instruments to produce desired
pieces, measured and marked specific dimensions on various metals.

+ Operating shop tools and equipment to construct manufactured items and systems with various seams,
and working with various kinds of metal, including magnesium, honeycomb material, galvanized,
aluminum and aluminum alloys, stainless steel, copper and brass sheets, lead alloys, and bronze

+ Strong familiarity with the use of hammers and other hand tools Solid math abilities used to accurately
calculate sheet metal cuts

+ Understanding of the handling of various metals

‘+ Follow verbal and written instructions.

‘+ Drilled precise holes in sheet metal and ensured that all parts fit

‘+ Maintained records of all sheet metal fabrication projects and repairs

‘+ Removal of rivets and other specific project requirements

‘+ Inspected all completed assemblies to ensure compliance with specifications

‘+ Secured all required materials and prepared related drawings and blueprints.

‘+ Determined project requirements, assembly sequences and scope

‘+ Ensured that all maintenance and repair work was prepared according to project specs.

+ Converted blueprints into shop drawings for various sheet metal projects.

‘+ Arranged for the safe transport of all prefabricated parts for assembly.

+ Trained new employees as per the request of management.

SE
Oklahoma State University Rose State College, Oklahoma City Portland, OK Okla.

 

Douglass High School, Luther Oklahoma City, Okla. 1976
Kévinedy Junior High, Oklahoma City, Okla. 1974
Aii-Force Outstanding Unit Award Performance Awards Time off Award Angle award 1969

Communications, certification Organizational Behavior, certification Alternate Dispute Resolution,
certification Conflict Resolution, certification Financial Management, certification Diversity,
certification Personnel Human Relations Management, certification CPR Employers Associate
Excellence in Safety Best in Leadership Development Program

Creston Hills Elementary School, Oklahoma City, Okla.

Language- 1). English 2). Sign language

+ US. Citizen- Yes

Air Force, Agency, attention to detail, balance, blueprints, catalog, Conflict Resolution, draw, CPR, databases,
Decision making, delivery, dimensions, direction, documentation, English 2, environmental health,
environmental protection, Financial Management, forklift, forms, hand tools, hand truck, hazardous waste,
hoist, Human Relations, Inspecting, inspection, Inspects, Inventory, inventory levels, layout, Leadership
Development, regulatory compliance, Logistics, materials, math, mathematics, Monitors, organizing,
Organizational, organization skills, painting, Personnel, presentations, progress, protocols, Receiving,
Repairs, repairing, reporting, Research, Retail, Safety, shipping, Sign language, Sorting, Team player,
technical assistance, test equipment, transportation, troubleshoot, troubleshooting, view, written