Robert Smith hone (12) 456 7890

Erall Infocauikresume,com
Website: vauu.quikresume.com
Linkedin: linkedin. com/quikresume.
‘Address; 1737 Marshullle Road, Alabarna

 

Special Education Teacher

SUMMARY

14 years of extensive experience as a Speclal Education Teacher who is engaging, empathetic and
fenthusiastic about hands-on learning with children. Versatle and dedicated Special Education
‘Teacher with a facus on the inalvidual needs and accommodations af special education students.

SKILLS

Data Analysis, MS Office, Autism, Leadership, Tearnwork; Organizational, Teaching, Internet,
Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Custorner Service, Computer, And HRIS.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Special Education Teacher
Japtn-une 2002 Way 2013
‘Taught early childhood/early childhood special education-2003/2009 taught in multiple
handicapped,
‘Worked with professional team to create, develop and implement IEPS to mest students
heeds,
Helped other staff implement and understand accommodations for students
“Taught reading, language arts and social slences in a self contained ED and LD classroorn,
Created strategies to meet the needs of mentally and physically disabled students,
Designed and implemented a point system to encourage positive behavior
Led activities that developed students physical, emotional and social growth,

Special Education Teacher
Diamond Schoo! District january 1999~ May 2002
© Worked with a tearm of professionals to design an IFSP to help come up with a plan to mest
the student and families needs and to put in place resources to meet these goals.
+ Gave one-on-one Instruction, using the aba method, to a student with autism
Filled out data sheets so that aba consultant could revise goals b-weekly for the student,
Transitloned nonwerbal student Into kindergarten and trained staff to understand,
Gave one-on-one attention to students, while maintaining an overall focus on the entire
oraup.
Organized instruction material, Including Constructing bulletin boards and setting up work
Make special accommodations and Integrate students with addjad, laming disabilities.

EDUCATION
Master OF Science in Early Childhood Early Childhood Special Education - 2008 (Attsburg State

University Pittsburg, KS )Associate OF Arts in Sociology, Social Werk - 2002(Missouri Southern
State College }

(0 This Era esumeTemblats the copyright f Qnakiesuine comm. Usan Guides