JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

‘Versatile Special Education Teacher with focus on individual student needs across academia and emotional development. Empathetic and
accommodating in design and implementation of hands-on lessons, catering to diverse learning abilities. Proficient in employing constant

communication, patience and positive reinforcement in team efforts to deliver exceptional educational tools, fostering academic achievement.

 

SKILLS

‘Common Core Instructional Strategies

Program Development and Management

Differentiated Instruction
Group and Individual Instruction

Student Progress Reporting

Distance Leaming

Classroom Management
Motivating Students

IEP Development and Facilitation

Cognitive Testing for IEPs

Positive Behavior Intervention and Support

State Testing Administrator
Bilingual (Spanish)

© Communication with Families

‘Work History

Special Education Teacher, 08/2022 - Current
New Story Schools — Warsaw, VA Fullerton, CA
© Created and managed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies, in addition to applying instructional knowledge
and methods to support goals.

Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to recording student progress to inform
parents and school administration.

Taught students across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.

Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.

75% of Special Day Class math students improved 1 grade level or more on I-Ready Diagnostic in 6 1/2-month period,

Special Education Teacher, 01/2022 - 05/2022

City School District - Bay City, MI

* Provide differentiated instruction in Resource Specialist Program (RSP).
* Develop Individualized Educational Plans (IEPs)

* Conduct 30-Day and Transition IEPs

«Assess student leaming including academic testing.

 

+ Test Administrator for California Assessment of Student Performance and Progress.
* Behavioral support to general education teachers.

+ Communication and support to parents.

Special Education Teacher, 08/2018 - 01/2022
Albany Charter School Network — Beaumont, TX
* Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.
* Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.
« Instructed students in core academic areas and specialized reading groups. Approximately, 60% of students with moderate disabilities
improved one grade level in reading this year.
+ Taught students with mild to moderate disabilities across multiple classifications and degrees of special needs.
+ Provided life skills programming for students with autism.
* Cultivated connections and strong student rapport to foster classroom engagement, in addition to recording student progress to inform
parents and school administration.
* Developed IEPs to define student learning objectives and educational strategies to best address needs of students.

Assistant Principal, 10/2006 - 05/2018
‘New Story Schools — Warwick, PA
+ Assisted Principal in management of school operations.
* Supervised and evaluated teaching and support staff through instructional leadership and professional development.
+ Supported hiring, training, and disciplinary action in compliance with legal guidelines and requirements.
+ Encouraged interdepartmental and cross-functional team collaboration in development and support of student activities, programs and
lessons.
+ Built productive relationships with parents of students facing difficult situations at school or at home.
+ Established instructional practices driven by statistical performance data
+ Performed classroom evaluations to assess teacher strategies and effectiveness,
+ Administered standardized tests to evaluate student performance and progress. Smarter Balance Assessment Consortium (SBAC) and
California English Development Test (CELDT) coordinator.
* Coordinated development of master schedule.
* Behavioral Response to Intervention Coordinator. Provided strategies such as check-in check-out and school home note to 15-20 at-risk

students per semester.

School Counselor, 08/2002 - 10/2006
Company Name — City, State
« Served as English Leamer Counselor, facilitated English Leamer Advisory Committee, supported students with reclassification,
coordinated CELDT test.
© Reclassified as many as 50 students in one year.
+ Provided crisis intervention in response to emergencies, employing existing trust and rapport to deescalate situations.
* Maintained positive relationships with students, faculty, alumni and administration,
+ Assisted high school seniors complete college applications and meet requirements necessary for graduation.
« Reviewed transcripts to verify students met graduation or college entrance requirements and wrote letters of recommendation.
* Counseled students regarding course and program selection, class scheduling and registration and career planning.
«Assisted with building master schedule

Special Education Teacher, 08/1999 - 06/2002
Company Name - City, State
* Served students with mild to moderate disabilities in SDC and RSP.

* Delivered effective and differentiated classroom instruction to range of neurodiverse students.

Modified general education curriculum for special-needs students using various instructional techniques and technologies.

Led activities that developed students’ physical, emotional and social growth,

Facilitated all aspects of IEP development, testing, and meetings.

* Classroom management strategies.

 

EpucaTion

Education Specialist Instruction Credential: Special Education (Mild/Mod), 10/2014
Azusa Pacific University - Azusa, CA

  

 

Administr
Los Angeles County Office of Education - Downey, CA

Services Credential: School Administration, 2007

‘Master of Arts: Pupil Personnel Services, 2002
Azusa Pacific University - Azusa, CA

Bachelor of Science: Psychology And Social Behavior, 1997
‘University of California, Irvine - Irvine, CA
CERTIFICATIONS

Autism Spectrum Disorders Added Authorization (2017)
Crosscultural, Language and Academic Development Certificate (2016)