Summary

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

 

Iwas an aspiring student interested in applying excellent communication and interpersonal skills in the sole of environmentalist. Experienced
in data entry. Can quickly memorize work details and build relationships with clients. Detail-oriented and able to quickly lea new concepts.
Tam now a motivated professional with a master’s degree in ecology.

‘More than 9 years of experience as the head of the civil service of several departments in the State Department for Environmental Protection
in the Kirovograd region and the State Environmental Inspectorate in the Kirovograd region of the Ministry of Ecology of Ukraine.

‘An organized, hardworking and multitasking employee who strives to apply time management and organizational skills in a variety of
settings. Highly motivated employee with a desire to take on new challenges. High ethics, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills.
Able to work effectively without supervision and leam new skills quickly. Adheres to tight deadlines.

Designer with over 2.5 years of experience in Spangle Designs on a ProSpangle machine. Excellent time management, organizational and
communication skills. Works closely with clients to create original concepts, develop designs and consistently meet deadlines. Works well on
its own or as part of a dynamic team.

Fluency in Ukrainian and Russian languages.

 

 

Sxmts
+ Computer Literate © Creative Thinking
Multi-Tasking Abilities * Multitasking and Organizing
* Corporate Design * Punctual and Dependable

« Analytical Skills
Design Strategy

* Organizational Skills
* Good Work Ethic

* Research and Development + Time Management
© Works Well Under Pressure * Critical Thinking
© Customer Service © Attention to Detail
* Decision Making © Creative and Artistic
EXPERIENCE

 

01/2022 to Current

10/2021 to 12/2021

01/2020 to 10/2021

07/2018 to 10/2018

02/2018 to 06/2018

10/2015 to 08/2016

11/2014 to 10/2015

03/2013 to 11/2014

05/2012 to 05/2016

09/2008 to 12/2011

03/2007 to 09/2008

09/2002 to 03/2007

04/2002 to 09/2002

11/2001 to 04/2002

12/2000 to 11/2001

07/2000 to 12/2000

07/1995 to 06/2000

Designer
Ibm Corporation — New Castle, DE
‘© Worked on creating spangle logos
+ Consulted on tone, style and subject matter, driving layout and design.
‘ Created product designs in alignment with specifications.

Shipping Clerk
Arcosa, Inc. — Fresno, TX

Obtained required documentation to process shipments and support movement.

Contacted transport companies and suppliers to expedite, trace, or return shipments.

Checked items to be shipped against work orders to confirm correct quantities, destination and routing.
Identified order discrepancies and damaged items and notified supervisor.

Compared shipment contents with paperwork to support inventory accuracy and records management.
‘* Monitored merchandise received and shipped from facility in computer system.

‘* Logged inbound and outbound discrepancies for wrong products, incorrect quantities and damages.

‘© Prepared accurate shipping orders and bills of lading to direct and route materials.

+ Prepared packages for shipping and determined most economical shipping methods,

‘© Maintained inventory of shipping materials and supplies.

Designer
Ibm Corporation — Reston, VA
‘* Worked on creating spangle logos
* Consulted on tone, style and subject matter, driving layout and design.
* Created product designs in alignment with specifications.

Sales Manager
Colonial Life — Andalusia, AL
‘* Researched and communicated competitive activity to influence marketing plans and sales tactics
‘© Maintained professional network of potential clients and business opportunities.
‘* Performed sales consultations and educated clients on products and services
* Tracked monthly sales to generate reports for business development planning.

Chief State Inspector of the HR Department
Honda — Russells Point, OH
‘© Worked with HR department to devise and update policies as needed for corporate accountability and workplace
health.
‘* Assisted with new hire orientation preparation, scheduling and administration.
‘© Maintained current knowledge of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action guidelines and laws
‘* Prepared or maintained employment records using human resources management system software.
‘+ Found and retrieved information from files in response to requests from authorized users
‘* Informed or trained management on interviewing, performance appraisals or documentation of performance issues.
* Sourced, qualified and conducted screening interviews with job candidates.
Created, organized and maintained employee personnel files to keep sensitive data secure.
Assisted recruiting department by verifying references checks for prompt onboarding.
‘© Organized and stored employment forms and information.
‘* Helped with recruitment by posting job openings, screening resumes and scheduling interviews
+ Informed job applicants of duties and responsibilities, compensation and benefits.
+ Posted and updated job ads from job boards and social networks.
‘* Reviewed employment applications and job orders to match applicants with job requirements.
Packaged new hire packets and materials for distribution to newly hired employees.
‘* Compiled and updated employee files to document employee actions and information on payroll and benefits
actions

‘© Updated internal databases with new employee information, contact details and employment forms.
«Interviewed job applicants to obtain information on work history, education or job skills

Employee — Custom Plastic Designer Operator
Waste Management — Bennington, NE

Organized pallets and secured materials with plastic wrap to prepare for movement to skids.

«* Placed finished products on skids and wrapped and transported to warehouse with forklift.

‘© Lubricated parts and performed minor maintenance to improve machine function.

‘* Prepared machine for production processes by equipping with required tools and parts.

‘* Looked through work orders to determine type and quantity of materials needed for each production batch.

‘© Manipulated controls to set, activate and adjust mechanisms on machinery.

‘© Monitored and observed production line to watch for pile-ups and jams.

+ Detected work-piece defects and machine malfunctions, maintaining apparatus to prevent future issues

+ Produced quality products by palletizing, packaging and assembling finished items

‘© Measured and weighed items to meet quality standards and prevent waste.

‘* Attached identification labels to finished packaged items or stamped lot number and shipping destination

information on containers.
‘© Separated products according to weight, grade and size of material to produce final product.
‘* Sorted product components on work tables to maintain maximum organization and productivity

Environmental Safety Engineer
Business Support Department PJSC "Ukrtelecom" — City, STATE

«= Issuance of permits for air emissions

‘* Preparation of documents for the disposal of mercury lamps and waste

* Control of payment of invoices for waste collection

* Controlled and mitigated pollutants with adverse environmental impacts.

* Provided technical support for environmental remediation projects.

‘* Consulted with clients on developing compliant environmental policies.

‘+ Assisted with fieldwork such as permitting, inspections, groundwater sampling and soil sampling,

‘* Monitored effects of human activity impacting soil, water and air quality.

+ Analyzed and reported on environmental data covering emissions, atmospheric monitoring and soil and water

samples,

Engineer-Ecologist of the 2nd Category
Utility Company "Teploenergetik" — City, STATE

‘Issuance of permits for air emissions

‘* Preparation of documents for the disposal of mercury lamps and waste

* Control of payment of invoices for waste collection

* Controlled and mitigated pollutants with adverse environmental impacts.

* Provided technical support for environmental remediation projects.

‘+ Consulted with clients on developing compliant environmental policies.

‘+ Assisted with fieldwork such as permitting, inspections, groundwater sampling and soil sampling,

‘* Monitored effects of human activity impacting soil, water and air quality.

+ Analyzed and reported on environmental data covering emissions, atmospheric monitoring and soil and water

samples,

   

Individual Entrepreneur
Entrepreneurship — City, STATE
Position - Director and Administrator
The main tasks:
‘* Recruited and hired talented personnel for top positions.
«Set pricing structures according to market analytics and emerging trends.
‘* Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals
‘* Monitored inventory levels and placed new orders for merchandise to keep supply well-stocked.
* Provision of services by beauty salon
‘= Scheduled daily client appointments with necessary details and remembered customer preferences and special
needs.
« Fostered clean and sanitary work environment to protect customers and staff from infection
‘* Assisted with basic bookkeeping, filing and maintaining clients’ records
Scheduled appointments for customers using internal software system.
+ Addressed customer problems quickly and according to service standards.
‘© Trained and mentored team members to achieve optimal performance and meet challenging business targets.

Deputy Head of the Department
State Ecological Inspectorate — City, STATE

Position - Deputy Head of the Department of Environmental Control and Radiation Safety at the State Border - Senior
State Inspector for Environmental Protection of Kirovograd Region of State Ecological Inspectorate in the Kirovograd
Region, Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources of Ukraine

The main tasks:

+ control over compliance with the norms and requirements of the current environmental protection legislation
during the movement of vehicles and cargo across the customs border of Ukraine;

+ prevention of illegal import, export or transit through the territory of Ukraine of cargoes containing industrial raw
materials, production waste, chemical compounds, toxic chemical, radioactive and other dangerous substances for
the environment and human health, pesticides and agrochemicals, as well as contaminated ballast on vessels;

« ensuring control over the fulfillment of Ukraine's intemational obligations regarding trade in those species of wild
fauna and flora that are under threat of extinction;

‘ ensuring control over the transportation of radioactive substances and nuclear materials and carrying out chemical
and analytical control of substances;

+ inspection of export and import consignments of goods and preparation of necessary documents in the area of
activity of regional customs and customs offices,

‘control over compliance with the requirements of current legislation and rules of import into Ukraine and export
from Ukraine of plants resources and animals and plants listed in the Red Book of Ukraine (2750-12), zoological,
botanical, mineralogical collections and hunting trophies,

‘control over compliance with the requirements of environmental norms and rules by vehicles crossing the customs
border of Ukraine;

‘ control of export and import batches of scrap black and non-ferrous metals for the absence of chemical or of
radioactive contamination and issuance of Certificate environmental control (during export);

‘* ensuring the control of goods and vehicles that arrived at the customs office of destination without a note in the
freight transport documents about the implementation of environmental control at checkpoints across the state
border or with a note in the accompanying documents "Subject to environmental control at the place of arrival’

+ organizes and monitors the implementation of regulations of control bodies on environmental safety issues;

‘= ensures the preparation of established reporting;

‘* manages department employees:

* control of export, import and transit goods, the transportation of which across the state border of Ukraine requires a
special permission of the Ministry of Natural Resources.

Head of the Sector for Personnel, Public Relations
State Ecological Inspectorate — City, STATE
Position - Head of the Sector for Personnel, Public Relations and Mass Media, Performance Control, Organizational
Work of State Ecological Inspectorate in the Kirovograd Region, Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources of Ukraine
The main tasks:
‘* Administered document access and revision rights to personnel to maintain documentation integrity.
‘© Worked with HR department to devise and update policies as needed for corporate accountability and workplace
health.
‘* Assisted with new hire orientation preparation, scheduling and administration.
‘© Maintained current knowledge of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action guidelines and laws.
‘* Prepared or maintained employment records using human resources management system software.
‘+ Found and retrieved information from files in response to requests from authorized users
‘* Informed or trained management on interviewing, performance appraisals or documentation of performance issues.
* Sourced, qualified and conducted screening interviews with job candidates.
‘* Organizes and monitors the implementation of regulations of control bodies on environmental safety issues
‘* Ensures the preparation of established reporting.
‘© Manages department employees

Head of the Department of Environmental Control

State Department Of Environmental Protection — City, STATE

Position - Head of the Department of Environmental Control at the Customs Border - Senior State Inspector of State
Department of Environmental Protection in Kirovograd Region, Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources of Ukraine
The main tasks:

+ control over compliance with the norms and requirements of the current environmental protection legislation
during the movement of vehicles and cargo across the customs border of Ukraine;

+ prevention of illegal import, export or transit through the territory of Ukraine of cargoes containing industrial raw
materials, production waste, chemical compounds, toxic chemical, radioactive and other dangerous substances for
the environment and human health, pesticides and agrochemicals, as well as contaminated ballast on vessels;

« ensuring control over the fulfillment of Ukraine's intemational obligations regarding trade in those species of wild
fauna and flora that are under threat of extinction;

‘ ensuring control over the transportation of radioactive substances and nuclear materials and carrying out chemical
and analytical control of substances;

+ inspection of export and import consignments of goods and preparation of necessary documents in the area of
activity of regional customs and customs offices,

‘control over compliance with the requirements of current legislation and rules of import into Ukraine and export
from Ukraine of plants resources and animals and plants listed in the Red Book of Ukraine (2750-12), zoological,
botanical, mineralogical collections and hunting trophies,

‘control over compliance with the requirements of environmental norms and rules by vehicles crossing the customs
border of Ukraine;

‘ control of export and import batches of scrap black and non-ferrous metals for the absence of chemical or of
radioactive contamination and issuance of Certificate environmental control (during export);

‘* ensuring the control of goods and vehicles that arrived at the customs office of destination without a note in the
freight transport documents about the implementation of environmental control at checkpoints across the state
border or with a note in the accompanying documents "Subject to environmental control at the place of arrival’

* control of export, import and transit goods, the transportation of which across the state border of Ukraine requires a
special permission of the Ministry of Natural Resources;

‘+ organizes and monitors the implementation of regulations of control bodies on environmental safety issues;

‘= ensures the preparation of established reporting;

‘* manages department employees.

Category I Specialist-State Inspector
State Department Of Ecology And Natural Resources — City. STATE

Position - Category I Specialist - State Inspector of the Analytical Control and Monitoring Department of State
Department of Ecology and Natural Resources in Kirovograd Region, Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources of
Ukraine

The main tasks:

«carries out state control over compliance with requirements
legislation on environmental protection and radiation safety, use and protection of natural resources by enterprises,
institutions and organizations regardless of the forms of ownership and management, as well as by citizens in the
process;

+ carries out sampling and instrumental laboratory measurements of indicators of the composition and properties of
emissions of stationary sources of atmospheric air pollution, liquid, ballast, return, surface, sea water, measurement
of indicators of the composition and properties of groundwater in the samples. from observation wells at inspection
objects; measurement of indicators of the composition and properties of emissions of mobile sources of
atmospheric air pollution and environmental indicators of petroleum products (gasoline and diesel fuel), which are
sold through wholesale and retail trade by business entities;

«carries out an inspection of the state of the organization and the implementation of production control over
compliance by economic entities with the standards of maximum permissible emissions of pollutants, the
implementation of instrumental and laboratory measurements of the parameters of emissions of pollutants from
stationary and mobile sources and the efficiency of gas treatment facilities, compliance with the established
standards of maximum permissible discharges of pollutants, according to the quality and quantity of return water
and pollutants discharged into water objects, as well as according to the water quality of the objects in control
bodies and verification of compliance with the rules for determining water quali

«carries out laboratory analyzes of the state of land pollution, including radioactive, in the zones of direct influence
of emissions and discharges of polluting substances, including in the event of accidents, emergency situations,
military aggression, military, terrorist and other criminal acts.

 

Employee Event Sales Representative
Work For A Private Entrepreneur — City, STATE
* Cross-sold additional products and services to purchasing customers.
+ Assisted customers during selection process and helped choose perfect products to meet individual needs.
+ Planned and followed through with inventory management for each store.
‘* Promoted memorable shopping experiences resulting in increased customer retention and loyalty.
‘* Delivered exceptional experiences by incorporating client feedback and current trend knowledge.

Category I Specialist-State Inspector
State Department Of Ecology And Natural Resources — City. STATE

Position - Category I Specialist - State Inspector of the Analytical Control and Monitoring Department of State
Department of Ecology and Natural Resources in Kirovograd Region, Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources of
Ukraine

The main tasks:

‘carries out state control over compliance with requirements legislation on environmental protection and radiation
safety, use and protection of natural resources by enterprises, institutions and organizations regardless of the forms
of ownership and management, as well as by citizens in the process;

«carries out sampling and instrumental laboratory measurements of indicators of the composition and properties of
emissions of stationary sources of atmospheric air pollution, liquid, ballast, return, surface, sea water, measurement
of indicators of the composition and properties of groundwater in the samples. from observation wells at inspection
objects; measurement of indicators of the composition and properties of emissions of mobile sources of
atmospheric air pollution and environmental indicators of petroleum products (gasoline and diesel fuel), which are
sold through wholesale and retail trade by business entities;

«carries out an inspection of the state of the organization and the implementation of production control over
compliance by economic entities with the standards of maximum permissible emissions of pollutants, the
implementation of instrumental and laboratory measurements of the parameters of emissions of pollutants from
stationary and mobile sources and the efficiency of gas treatment facilities, compliance with the established
standards of maximum permissible discharges of pollutants, according to the quality and quantity of return water
and pollutants discharged into water objects, as well as according to the water quality of the objects in control
bodies and verification of compliance with the rules for determining water quality;

«carries out laboratory analyzes of the state of land pollution, including radioactive, in the zones of direct influence
of emissions and discharges of polluting substances, including in the event of accidents, emergency situations,
military aggression, military, terrorist and other criminal acts.

 

Safety Engineer
Repair And Construction Company "Dream" — City, STATE

Suggested corrective solutions to reduce accidents and near-miss occurrences

‘* Helped eliminate occupational hazards and ergonomic concerns through redesign efforts.

« Reviewed, revised and prepared written resources to document organizational safety programs and policies

‘* Developed and implemented company-wide safety initiatives, driving substantial reductions in identified hazards
and incidents with injury.
Carried out efficient certification-related activities by interfacing cross-functionally with certification staff from
other groups, customers and relevant team members.
Conducted air quality, testing to measure noise, temperature and radiation levels for compliance with health and
safety regulations
Interpreted statistical data related to occupational illnesses and accidents.
Coordinated worker training in safety laws and regulations, hazardous condition monitoring and use of safety
equipment.

 

Student
Central Ukrait tional Technical University — City, STATE,
Diploma KC 14190804 from 06/26/2000, Honors Degree
Specialty: Ecology and Environmental Protection

Qualification: Master's Degree in Ecology

‘Year of graduation: 2000

   

 

     

 

Epucation
06/2000 Master of Science: Ecology And Environmental Protection
Central Ukrainian National Technical University - Ukraine
‘+ Honors Degree
© Graduated magna cum laude
Lancuaces
Ukrainian: Russian:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
English:
Negotiated:

ApprTIonaL INFORMATION

Personal qualities

 

Initiative, principled, disciplined, sociable, able to establish relationships with colleagues, demanding of myself and subordinates, self-critical
I perform my duties honestly, with a high sense of responsibility; I am creative in solving practical problems. Iam happy to accept new tasks,
understanding their essence and related problems. I have the ability to quickly lea and systematically improve professional knowledge,
focused on improving skills and abilities; able to implement and support new in the professional sphere

Computer experience

Confident user, ownership of programs: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Intemnet Explorer, etc. browsers, Outlook Express. [have
experience working with office equipment.