Summary

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

 

Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept
at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills

Semis

« Significant community service experience
‘* High organization and presentation skills
Outstanding creative thinking and problem-solving abilities «Fluent in Spanish
‘© Superior oral and written communication skills
« Personnel engagement

 

Microsoft Office
Troubleshooting

Active listening
Customer service

# Supervision & leadership

EXPERIENCE

10/2022 to Current

08/2012 to Current

 

Resource Manager & Education Organizer
Brenham Indipendent School District — Brenham, TX
‘© Organize and oversee a community resource and needs assessment process
+ Seek input from teachers, school staff, LSC members, parents, and students to determine the ongoing needs of
students and families
+ Coordinate, Implement, and monitor high-quality, culturally relevant, restorative, and inclusive after-school
programming that are based on Palenque LSNA’s values of racial and social justice and leadership development
+ Identify and recruit people and organizations willing to offer programs and services for students and families at the
school or to assist with operations
‘+ Implement and maintain a process that encourages referrals to programs and services offered at the schoo!
provides timely feedback to those who make referrals; and alerts the advisory committee to the need for programs
not already offered
+ Facilitate ongoing communication between service providers, teachers, parents, and students, and work
collaboratively with school administration
‘* Evaluate and make recommendations of programs to the advisory committee
‘© Ensure that all documentation is kept in order to be prepared documents for the program audit for the 21st CCLC
Grant
‘© Manage finance and budgetary needs for the program
* Develop or implement recruiting strategies to meet current or anticipated staffing needs.

On Site Program Director
Urban Initiatives — City, STATE
‘* Oversee and execute the annual program implementation strategy and timeline, regularly tracking, assessing, and
improving SEL service key performance indicators for school site
‘© Hire, train, and oversee the team of Coaches and or Volunteers who are each responsible for UI program services
during scheduled programming and or special events to ensure program fidelity, quality, and impact
‘* Develop a positive and cohesive program team culture that upholds UI’s mission and values
‘+ Manage consistency, collaboration, communication, and alignment across program management and program
activities
‘* Manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment consistently setting and meeting deadlines
‘© Met regularly with program stakeholders to make program adjustments and assess progress.

03/2022 to 06/2022 Director of Latino and

Family Service Of Lake County, Youth Services — City, STATE

‘© Directed and supported a team of four staff members - Nuestro Center program staff, and middle school/high
school program staff in our Youth Educational Support and Success, Latino Youth Initiative, and Strengthening
Emotional Life Foundations (SELF) programs. Assisted staff members in planning and achieving their professional
development goals. Ensured that staff members deliver high-quality programs that are culturally relevant and
accessible. Provided program staffing coverage when necessary. Managed program volunteer recruitment, training,
and oversight

« Directed staff and program activities, including oversight of lesson planning, special events, program development
and successful achievement of program goals. Oversaw program data collection and reporting of program metrics/
outcomes. Reviewed program progress in achieving outcomes and adjust program activities accordingly to ensure
that program goals and outcomes are being achieved. Visited and participated in programs frequently to build
relationships with families and school/community partners and to provide staff guidance and support. Developed
annual budgets for all program areas and ensure expenditures are within budget.

‘+ Built community partnerships to facilitate SELF (Strengthening Emotional Life Foundations) workshops for
community adolescents and parents. Developed engaging lesson plans that include learning objectives. Facilitated
workshops and coached other staff members as appropriate on facilitating workshops.

+ Prepared information for and participate in funder site visits. Participated in community meetings and act as a
spokesperson in the community. Built fostered partnerships with schools, community organizations, and
community members. Developed community outreach plans and community events.

‘* Cultivated and maintained relationships to promote positive work culture.

‘* Developed and presented new ideas and conceptualized new approaches and solutions.

07/2012 to 03/2022 Bilingual Teacher

10/2006 to 11/2011

Chicago Public Schools CPS — City. STATE

* Developed, implemented, and managed classroom behavior system alongside with students to promote a safe and
healthy learning environment to boost student engagement and success

+ Independently planned, co-planned, adapted, and implemented a variety of differentiated lessons with other
General Education Teachers aligning with Illinois Common Core Learning standards to meet the diverse needs of
students

* Collaborated on creating unit plans/curriculum/assessments that aligned with the IB Middle Years Program
Criterion alongside with designated content and Grade Level Specific Curriculum

‘* Organized School Wide Invention Convention /Organized and Co-planned STEM Nights for Students and Families

* Conducted whole group, small group, and individual strength based learning opportunities

© Received training under the supervision of an AUSL Tumaround Coach, PLC Chairs, and or SLT Member,
Teacher/Supervisor to 3 Resident Teachers in training

* Cooperated and maintains positive relationships with children, parents, co-workers, and community partners

Resource Program Coordinator
Family Focus Nuesta Familia, Nixon Elementary School, Prescott Elementary School, Roosevelt High School, W
Armitage Ave — City, STATE
‘ Responsible for coordinating, scheduling, leading, and managing a diverse range of activities that aligned with the
21st Century Community Learning Center site for the individual youth and parent participants at specific school
sites
* Actively communicated with School Administration and Community Stakeholder to ensure that Program Goals and
activities were built towards the achievement of 21st Century Community leaning Center objectives
‘* Assured that program activities followed best practice standards for 21st Century Community Leaming Centers
according to grade levels and individual student behavioral needs
«Interviewed, hired, trained, and supervised staff and program vendors to ensure that programming objectives and
student needs were met
* Collaborated with community stakeholders and school based staff to provide activities and programming services
that were conducive to student and family needs
+ Collaborated with community leaders, organizations and public agencies to promote programs within community.
+ Facilitated educational workshops, meetings and conferences associated with program.
+ Prepared periodic reports, financial statements and records on program activities, progress and status for
management.

Epucation Np TRAINING

06/2012

05/2011,

01/2002

 

Masters: Urban Education
National-Louis University - Chicago, IL

+ Special Education (Illinois Learning Behavioral Specialist Type 10)
+ ESL Endorsement

 

Bachelors-Education
Northeastern Illinois University - Chicago, IL

+ Bachelor of Arts in Education

+ Type 03 Certification

= Bilingual/ESL Endorsement

+ Middle Level: General Science and Social Science Endorsement

General Education
Lane Technical High School