AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Building Work
Health & Safety
Bathroom installation
Bricklaying
Carpentry & Joinery
Drainage systems
PROFESSIONAL
French speaker
First Auder
PERSONAL SKILLS
Passionate
Forward thinking Focused
Hard working
Maxine Curry Construction Worker
PERSONAL SUMMARY
An intelligent, physically strong and hardworking Construction Worker who can carry out heavy manual construction work for extended periods of time, under adverse weather conditions. Maxine has experience of welding, bricklaying, carpentry, plumbing, painting, roofing, flooring, tiling and scaffold erecting. Through her working life she has gained the knowledge and recognised qualifications needed to carry out a wide variety of construction duties. Right now, she is looking for a suitable position with a building company that only wants to recruit the very best
WORK EXPERIENCE
Company name-Location
CONSTRUCTION WORKER
Jun 2013-Present
Responsible for assisting experienced trades people on a major and busy construction site. by carrying out a range of manual duties.
Duties
Smoothing and finishing freshly poured cement of concrete onto floors and walls. Operating a range of powerful hydraulic cruses in a variety of outdoor building sites. Frequently lifting, carrying & handling construction material that weighs 40 pounds. •Shovelling earth and rubble into tips and, digging ditches & cleaning out manholes. • Helping to locate water and sewer lines by reading old blueprints and floor plans. • Operating jackhammers & drills to break up concrete structures, slabs & pavements. Working and clearing nibble from flood damaged domestic & commercial buildings. • Controlling traffic in and out of a construction site using placards and hand signals Reading and interpreting construction related instructions, blueprints and sketches. Lubricating, cleaning, and repairing building machinery, equipment, and tools.
Company name-Location JOB TITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011-Jun 2013) Company name-Location JOB TITLE Dates (ie. Aug 2011-Jun 2013)
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
• Doing building, demolition and construction work in a safe and professional manner. • Physically fit with excellent balancing abilities and superb eye to hand coordination. • Experience of carrying out construction work in tunnels and underground.
• During my career, have has worked on Highway construction projects, tunnel excavation, residential construction, house building and demolition projects.
• Willing to work weekends as well as travel and stay overnight in different locations Punctual by nature and able to start early at 6.30am and can commit to a long day. Can work in all kinds of adverse outdoor weather conditions such as rain or snow.
CONTACT
Maxine Carry Dayjob Lad The Big Peg Birmingham
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS