VANESSA FORD
Experienced Airline Pilot @john.smith@gmail.com Los Angeles, CA
STRENGTHS
Leadership
Led a team of 10 crew members to successfully complete 500+ flights with zero safety incidents
★Attention to Detail
Consistently passed all FAA inspections with zero discrepancies
Problem-solving Successfully navigated through extreme weather conditions to safely land an aircraft
SKILLS
Safe flight operations.
Airworthiness inspections.
Weather analysis.
Passenger and cargo handling.
Risk assessment and management
Excellent communication.
Cooperative relationship-building
ACHIEVEMENTS
Emergency Response Successfully responded to an in-flight emergency, coordinating with crew and air traffic control to safely land the aircraft
Mentorship
Trained and mentored over 50 new pilots in the past 5 years
SUMMARY
Experienced and dedicated airline pilot with over 10 years of flight experience. Proven track record of ensuring safe and timely flight operations while providing exceptional customer service. Committed to upholding Company policies and Federal Aviation Regulations. FAA Unrestricted Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) certificate holder with airplane multi-engine class rating.
EXPERIENCE
Airline Pilot
Delta Airlines
Date period
Atlanta, GA
Conducted safe and timely flight operations in accordance with all Company policies and Federal Aviation Regulations (FARS) resulting in a high level of customer satisfaction. Assisted with and ensured proper handling of aircraft, passengers, baggage, and cargo at terminal points where other company personnel were not available. Maintained a high degree of proficiency and thorough knowledge of flight operations, procedures, and systems applicable to the aircraft flown. Ensured proper fueling, load manifest review, and passenger count verification prior to each departure.
• Operated assigned flights after determining the airworthiness of the aircraft and reviewing all current factors such as weather, field conditions, navigational aids, etc., relative to the safe operation of the flight
• Supervised and ensured enroute performance of other crewmembers assigned to the aircraft resulting in efficient and effective teamwork •Ensured that the flight was planned and fueled properly so that it may be conducted safely and in accordance with current policies and regulations
• Advised the dispatcher in a timely manner, of any situation that could affect the flight schedule resulting in minimal delays and satisfied customers
Airline Pilot
American Airlines
Date period
Dallas, TX
Ensured safe and timely completion of flight operations in accordance with all Company policies and Federal Aviation Regulations (FARS). Conducted appropriate pre- and post-flight inspections to ensure airworthy condition of assigned aircraft in accordance with Company policy and FARS. Notified crew and passengers promptly of turbulence, adverse weather conditions, or any other operational factors affecting the flight. Became familiar with existing and forecast departure, arrival, and if applicable, alternate station weather prior to each flight. • Operated the aircraft according to applicable Company policies and FARS resulting in safe and efficient flight operations
• Ensured that the load manifest for a flight was reviewed and the passenger count was verified prior to each departure resulting in accurate passenger counts and minimal delays
• Observed the Rules of Conduct for all employees as outlined in the Company Team Member Playbook and Pilot Playbook resulting in a positive work environment
• Performed other flight officer duties as assigned by the Company resulting in a high level of flexibility and adaptability
Powered by
Enhancu
www.enhancy.com