PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

CORE
QUALIFICATIONS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

SKILLS

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Over 9 years of experience with SAP in MM-PP & WM functional area with excellent knowledge and
experience with SD/FI modules

Over 7+ years of experience in root cause analysis in MM/PP/SD/WM modules

Over 7+ years of experience in providing expertise to support functional and technical teams in the
remediation of production clients.

Over 4 years of experience in large merger and acquisition projects

Over 5 years of configuration support in Logistics and Execution (LE).

Over 4 years of working in MMPP-SCM module

Experienced in all phases of ASAP Methodology with 4 Full- life cycles experience of a project as a team
lead right from Business Process, realization, IMG configuration, unit and integration testing, final
preparation, training, go-live and post-implementation support.

Over 5 years of Experience in pulling data into HANA from legacy systems. Over 6 years of Extensive
experience in SAP MM data integration in 3 different projects

Worked extensively in two projects on SDLC and its 7 phases such as Feasibility, Requirement
Gathering, Design, Development, Testing, Implementation and Maintenance

Assimilated expert in SME level knowledge of SAP MM and PP business experience

Also worked extensively on data conversion in order to set up master data in ECC.

Hands on experience in implementation of RICEFW that are required according to business process,
and extensively worked on it as a team lead. Strong communicator and creative problem-solver skilled
at analyzing business needs and transforming them into technical designs, applying technical skills and
business knowledge to achieve sound results.

Performed Gap analysis, SWOT analysis, Risk analysis, and Cost/Benefit analysis

Coordinated various technical and managerial teams at all levels and Worked on both Standard and
customized reports for the business process needs.

Efficient team leader with excellent workitime management or managerial skills, communications and
interpersonal Skills, ability to work under strict deadlines.

Experienced in working on long term and large scale projects and supported during the implementation
and post implementation of the project. Organized and maintained Material Master Data for various
clients for efficient business process representation

Expertise in the Release Procedures creating the customized settings for approvals, by creating the
Characteristics, classes, Release indicators, release strategies, approval strategies and check release
strategies

Worked on Material master, Vendor master, purchase info records, purchase orders, purchase
requisitions, RFQ, Vendor returns, External service management, Outline agreements, Source lists,
Release procedures and MRP-CBP procedures.

Excellent knowledge of Organization structure configuration (Plant, Storage Location, purchasing
organization, purchasing group, Valuation areas),

Well versed in Configuration of pricing conditions, Number assignment, Scales, Field Selection,
Configuration of New Movement Types and Account assignment.

Hands on experience in configuration of pricing procedures such as maintain condition tables, define
access sequence, and define condition types. Worked extensively on most of the core MM tables &
Article Master for wholesale, retail, automobile and mfg industries

Hands on working experience in defining and configuring all schema groups.

Configuration of PP-MRP processes, production orders, process orders, repetitive manufacturing,
classification, batch management, capacity planning, demand planning management.

Good knowledge of PP-PI, Master recipes, PI sheets. Implemented Capacity Scheduling, Capacity
planning, Long Term Planning, Sales & operation planning

Implemented deterministic & Consumption based MRP.

Implemented MTS, MTO, and ETO processes in different SAP projects assignments

Having working experience in both Repetitive & Discrete Manufacturing industries

Hands on configuration working experience in QM module: In process inspection, Basic data like
defining catalogs, inspection characteristics (MICs), sampling procedures, Inspection plan.

Strong knowledge of end-to-end supply chain management (SCM),

Experience in conducting Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions, project meetings and reviews
for on-site and offshore teams

Excellent experience and extensive knowledge of complete P2P (Procure to Payment) cycle along with
Optimized Purchasing, Quota arrangement, Framework order, procurement of External services,
Pipeline Materials, Consumable materials, Consignment and Outline agreements (Contracts/Scheduling
Agreements), Consumption Based Planning (CBP), MRP, and various Release strategies.

Experience in Inventory Management (IM) module with thorough knowledge in configuring Movement
types, Goods Receipt, Goods Issue, Stock transfers, Transfer postings, Reservations and in configuring
Valuation and Account Assignment categories.

Worked extensively on few ares of Fl module with emphasis on Material Valuation, major tables,
‘Automatic account determination

Worked on Price variances, Invoice blocks, Tolerance limits, Invoice reduction in two projects.

Well versed in Inventory management with emphasis on Stock management (Quality/Value), Stock
Transfer Order (STO), Transfer Posting, Reservation, Physical Inventory, Batch Management,
Subcontracting, and Maintenance of Bill of materials (BOM).

knowledge in Implementation of PP module and its related interfaces with other modules (SD, FCO,
MM),

Hands on experienced and deeply involved Customer/ Material Master Data

Worked on SAP EDI Configurations in MM/PP modules such as Various inbound/outbound standard
custom MM/FI IDOC types, EDIFACT mapping and ANSIX12 transactions.

Assisted ABAP XI developers for XI middleware integration using technical, application and non-SAP
adapters in last two projects.

Excellent knowledge of Evaluated Receipt Settlement (ERS) for auto clearance of Invoice and Electronic
Data Interchange (EDI) for PO, GR and IR.

Having strong ability to use LSMW for data migration to SAP system.

ERP + SAP SKILL SET
SAP 4.0B, 4.6B, 4.6C, 4.7 + SAP Materials Management (MM)Module
ECC 5.00, ECC 6.00, Net Weaver MDM, EhP 6. including Procurement Process, Master Data
Operating System (Material & Vendor Master), Account

‘Windows NT/2000/XP/7, UNIX. Determination & Valuation of Material, Inventory
Languages Management, Invoice Verification and Material
c, C+, SQL Requirement Planning, MDMSAP

Database + Warehouse Management (WM) Configured
Oracle 8i, SQL Server 2000. Module including Storage Bin Management,
Tools Goods Movements, Planning and Monitoring, RF
LSMW (Legacy System Migration Workbench), connections

SAP Personas, GUI, HPSM, HPC. + SAP Production Planning (PP) including
Ticketing tools Material Master, Bill of Material (BOM), Router,
‘SAP Solution Manager, remedy, clarify, OVSD, Work Center, Production Planning Cycle,
EARS, peregrine Demand Management, MRP, shop-floor and
Office Tools production orders

Microsoft Visio, Share Point, MS Office (Word,  * SAP Sales and Distributions (SD) including
Excel, PowerPoint), Advanced Proficiency in Master Data, Sales Support, Shipping Billing,
EXCEL. and Sales Order such as availability check,
Interfaces order block for credit, delivery block

SAP to Non-SAP, Non-SAP to SAP such as * Quality Management (QM) Quality planning,

Basic data for Quality Management, Inspection
planning, Quality assurance, Quality inspection

Oracle, Tally, Tibco, Informatica, Kanban, JIT to
SAP systems, IDOC'S, EDI message interface
mapping, Red Prairie, Road net, Web Services,
WebSphere Trading Manager & Transformation
Extender

SAP Integration: MM to PPWM,SD.FI and QM

SENIOR ASSOCIATE SAP MM-PP CONSULTANT 01/2015 to CURRENT
Deloitte | Wichita, KS

Implementation and Support.
SAP E.C.C 6.0

Integration: MM-PP,WM,SD and FI

Involved extensively in full-cycle implementation of Materials Management and Production Planning
module and post implementation support.

Participated in the 'AS IS' study, design of the 'TO BE’, preparation of 'Gap Analysis’ and Blueprinting
for Enterprise structure.

Involved in all phases of ASAP implementation, user training and post-Implementation operational
support provided and Solved related issues during and after the implementation

Operational support provided, designed cross team solutions for RICEF objects.

Worked on six step data conversion and migration.

Developed data dictionary objects- custom MM and PP tables, views, search helps, table maintenance
generator using Events, indexes.

Performed Unit Testing, Integration Testing and assisted end users in User Acceptance Testing to
validate the business scenarios

Resolving issues which raised through ticketing system (BMC Remedy & HP Manager 9) based on their
priority such as P2, P3, P4 tickets

Handling and resolving day-to-day issues on MM Procurement, Purchasing, Inventory Management,
SAP Migration issues, SRM migration issues, Inbound Transportation and WM.

Attending SAP L1 support tickets on SAP Purchasing and SAP Inventory Management modules
Coordinate with SAP Technical team on modifications to forms and reports Business process mapping
with SAP for new sites

Extensive knowledge of CRM and its functionality

Configured the Material Master with Classification and the various Master data such as Info record,
Source List, Quota arrangement

Extensively worked on the configuration of Materials Management Module for complete procure to pay
(P2P) cycle.

Executed Purchasing functions such as Purchase Requisition (PR), Quotation, Purchase order (PO),
Subcontracting procedure, Quota arrangement, Release strategy, approval strategy and Output
Determination

Configuring and resolving issues related to Inventory Management (IM) Process including Goods
Receipt, Damaged Goods/Discrepancy Goods Receipt from Production, Inter/Infra-warehouse transfer,
Storage Location to Storage Location Transfer, Provision for Stock.

Worked extensively and having Hands on knowledge in Stock Transfer Order Including Plant-Plant,
Intercompany and intra-company.

Defined and configured STO from Sales and Distribution (SD) point of view. Defined and configured
STO from Material Management point of view.

Defined various Goods movement types such as Inter-plant stock transfer, Transfer postings, and
Material to material transfer.

Hands on experience in logistics and execution (LE) such as LE shipping and LE warehouse
management.

Worked on special procurement such as Cross Plant Planning for External Procured Material in MRP
with their stock Worked in discrete manufacturing, production process industry (PP-Pl) and repetitive
manufacturing environment.

Knowledge of Mapping between CRM to MM, for Vendor pricing

Involved in Configuration of PP-MRP processes, production orders, process orders, repetitive
manufacturing, classification, batch management, capacity planning, and demand planning
management.

Working extensively in PP cycle, deep manufacturing(MFG), beverages and consumer good product
(BCG) industry experience along with their functions, configurations and movement types

Expertise in PP-PI cycle in broad point of view such as sales and operations planning, demand
management planning, MRP, shop floor control

Worked extensively on change management in order to include existing procurement elements such as
production orders, planned orders, purchase orders.

Also partly responsible for the Business Process Mapping, Configuration in PP and PP-PI modules
Implemented all functionality of Variant Configuration related to Production Planning, Purchasing, Sales
& distribution, Costing & Pricing.

Developed implementation plans for the SAP modules PP and PP-Implemented Material Variant, Object
dependencies, Variant Table, Functions, Variant Pricing, Order BOM and also managed implementation
of PP and PP-PI design on SAP 6.0 release

Worked on MTO, MTS & ETO scenarios.

Material master setup related to PP, Super Bill of Materials/ BOM & Super Routing/ routing. SAP MRP.
scheduling and Capacity Requirement Planning & capacity leveling, Production order execution.
Maintained Bills of Materials (BOM) for Finished Materials and Semi-Finished Materials as per
requirement.

Implemented Inventory Management activities such as GRIGI, Goods movements, Transfer Postings,
and maintenance of Non-valuated stock.

Configured Release Strategies for various purchasing documents as per the business requirements
such as approval strategy.

Worked with Fl team for setting up Automatic account determination and parameters for Invoice
verification like Price variances, customizing tables, Invoice blocks, Tolerance limits, Invoice reduction,
and creation of Subsequent Credit/Debit accounts

Worked with supply chain management (SCM) teams, and involved in demand planning to inventory
management.

Implemented and supported Invoice verification cycles against PO, for Consignment, and for
procurement of External Services in assistance with Fl team.

Developed new ALV reports and modified existing reports using Function Modules and Methods
exclusively in MM module like Batch and Warehouse stock status reports.

specialized in writing design documents Worked on Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) complete
processes, Such as outbound process, and inbound process

Configuration Testing and Integration Testing performed and data uploaded using LSMW.

Worked extensively on Extracting material master data in excel fro different tables.

Performed exhaustive Unit Test runs on test director for different scenarios. Provided manual for End
User Training.

Given the End-user training, prepared user manual and provided post Go-live support.

‘SEQOR ASSOCIATE SAP MM-PP CONSULTANT 07/2013 to 2015

Walmart | City, STATE

Implementation and support.
SAP E.C.C 6.0.

Integration: MM-PP,QM,SD,WM.

Involved in full cycle implementation and resolved the post implementation issues

Worked extensively on ASAP methodology.

Performed data conversion as lead in order to set up master data in ECC and worked with basis team to
carry out this process

Good experience in working environment of complete Material Management configurations skills,
testing, implementations and rollout experience. Configured and implemented procure to pay (P2P) and
supported.

Resolved P2, P3, P4 level tickets in timely manner and appreciated

Performed second-level support for all workstation and server class systems

Tested features across various browsers.

Fixed bugs as they were encountered

Developed training materials and procedures.

Provided recommendations for resolving defects.

Analyzed and created new configuration for packaged software to meet business and system
requirements

Actively suggested operational improvements to enhance quality, improve production times and reduce
costs.

Maintained proper stock levels on a line

Developed production tracking and quality control systems, analyzing production, quality control,
maintenance and other operational reports, to detect production problems.

Drafted a timescale for all jobs, Ensured the most cost-effective production methods were employed.
Monitored and adjusted production processes or equipment for quality and productivity and Monitored
the production processes and adjusted schedules

Worked extensively on MM-MDM integration to reduce costs, and helped technical team to efficient data
{for better support of business processes and key requirements, such as meeting compliance standards.
Assisted Configuration and implementation of SAP MDM and its applications by accessing SAP Solution
Manager,

Gathered the information related to Enterprise structure, Business process and Business requirements
Defined and configured the Enterprise elements such as Plants, Storage locations, Valuation areas,
purchasing organizations and Purchasing groups to meet the organizational structure as per the
Client's specifications.

Defined and created Material type attributes, Valuation class, purchasing documents, and field selection
groups, and assigned the number ranges as per the business requirements.

Implemented Split valuations of material based on valuation category.

Involved in complete Procure to Pay process right from Determination of requirements, Quotation
maintenance, Vendor allocation, Processing of PO, Goods Receipt and Logistic Invoice Verification (LIV)
against PO.

Hands on experience in customizing and maintaining the most of the MM tables.

Downloaded the SAP purchase order details on EXCEL file through ME2N T.Code and EKKO Tables
Defined and configured various Goods movement types such as Inter-plant stock transfer, Transfer
postings, and Material to material transfer.

Extensively worked on the design details included in the area of Handling Units, Equipment master data,
RF Scanners, S.1.0 and Inventory Management

Involved in both discrete and repetitive manufacturing processes in depth.Lead time & replenishment
lead time, basic scheduling & lead time. Involved in scheduling Handling Unit Management, Storage Unit
Management, Batch Management, Serial Number Management.

Worked extensively in all areas of Inventory management such as inbound processes, Outbound
processes, internal inventory management processes, Physical inventory, management processes,
Vendor returns processes.

Performed configurations of LE-Shipping, LE-WM and LE-Direct store delivery

Performed STO process completely from MM and SD point of view.

Worked and assisted Supply Chain Management team, and well known to its end-to-end process

Hands on experience in configuration, implementation and resolving issues of Consumption Based
Planning (CBP) and MRP.

Assisted Implementing PP -P| module and its related interfaces with other modules (SD, F/CO, MM, and
Ps).

Implemented MTS scenario for auto component manufacturing facility and MTO Manufacturing plants
Implemented Demand Planning using planning strategy 40 (plug w/ final Assembly).

Worked on change management, provided training to the junior consultant, end users and super users
onit

Implemented Manual changes to the production order such as read master data and use of assembly
orders in Change management

Configured deterministic SAP MRP & Consumption based MRP.

Worked extensively on all types of BOMS and different routing procedures

Implemented Scheduling, Capacity Planning & levelling using planning table

Implemented SOP: Flexible planning based on customized info structure

Configured various Release strategies.implemented Physical Inventory and Batch determination
process in inventory management

Defined Tolerance limit in invoice verification, created and demonstrated the use of Invoice reduction,
supported the Subsequent debiticredit procedure

Defined put away and Picking strategies, configured system for automatic generation and TR and TO
Recently assisted implemented SAP barcode system using SAP Console (SAPs native RF solution) for
the Warehouse

Designed and developed ALV Grid program for multiple functional areas, latest involving customer
freight rate listings for that department

Configured account determination for Unplanned delivery costs

Deeply involved in EDI process such as MM/FI Idoc's outbound and inbound process.

Hands on experience of sap 46c Idoc's configuration, monitoring and processing

Developed Utilities to find Idoc's based on standard searches, Idoc's content, or errors on Status
records and then allow for mass Status changes (such as delete or set for reprocessing) as well as
reprocessing via foreground or background

Setup ALE to move master data between various systems. Worked on integration between sap systems
to vendor business systems such as Kanban and JIT.

Conducted the End-use training and prepared training manuals

Resolved the Post-implementation issues

SFOSAP MM-PP CONSULTANT 07/2011 to 06/2013

Radisys Corporation | City, STATE

SAC

 

Implementation and support.
SAP ECC 6.0.

Integration: MM to PP,SD,WM and QM.

Involved in ECC upgrade, implementation and post implementation support.

Implemented Complete ASAP Methodology.

Identified RICEF's that are required according to business process.

Defined and Acquired System Application Requirements from Business point of view.

Translated Business Requirements into Technical Specifications

Defined requirements and translated into Technical Specifications travel and Training Applications
Served as mentor to junior team members

Defined strategy and business plan for MM and PP.

Collected the business process information about the Purchasing Cycle, Inventory Management and
Stock Transfer Cycle

Mapped and executed purchasing functions such as Purchase Requisition (PR), Quotation, Purchase
order (PO), Subcontracting procedure, Quota arrangement, Release strategy, and Output
Determination

Performed Setting up the Consumption Based Planning and Price determination procedure to suite the
business needs.

Extended purchase documents like Contracts, Scheduling Agreements, Procurement of External
services, Consumable materials and Framework orders.

Involved in complete inventory management process. Worked extensively on STO process.

Performed programming and development of customer specific Material Master Workbench to create
new materials and change existing materials other than MMO1 / MMO2

Configured Material Master Data to accommodate Shelf Life Expiration Date (SLED) check Processed
and demonstrated use of Material Master, Vendor Master, Info record, Purchase Requisitions, RFQ,
Quotation, Purchase Order, and Maintenance of Source List.

Configured the Release Strategy with Classification for the purchase documents

Created and implemented Quantity Contract, procurement of External services Maintained existing
customized workflow for Purchased materials and Purchase Requisitions.

Processed Transfer postings, Reservations and Goods Movement in Inventory Management
Implemented the Physical inventory procedure and the Settlement of inventory differences and
Inventory Controlling Development of new reports as per the client requirement.

Assisted ABAP programmers in developing a Batch Input Program to upload Material Master Data from
legacy system to SAP R/3 database

Processed the procurement of materials from One-time vendor. Implemented and supported Invoice
verification cycles against PO, for Consignment, and for procurement of External Services in assistance
with FI team

Configured MTO process with assembly order processing Maintained all VC objects like dependencies,
Super BOM, Super Routing

Configured Material variant functionality.

Implemented MRP, CRP & Capacity Leveling

Implemented Batch Management, Batch derivation & Batch determination strategy.

Configured Plant Maintenance Module Break down Maintenance: Notification, Maintenance order, spare
consumption, spare planning

Preventive maintenance: Single cycle maintenance strategy plan, scheduling, capacity and availability
check.

Worked on Idoc's transfer, inbound and outbound monitoring, ALE and Bapi data migration

Hands on experience in Third party Electronic data interchange (ED!) implementaionn . configuration
and resolving Idoc's related issues.

Prepared the user manuals and conducted training sessions for the end users Conducted Integration
testing and addressed Go-Live issues

PP-MM CONSULTANT 2010 to 05/2011

Glaxo Smith Kline Pharmaceutical Ltd | City, India

8

 

Implementation and Support SAP ECC 6.0 Integrations: PP/IM/SD/PP-P/WM/FI-CO Responsibilities:
Joined the project as a part of ASAP methodology implementation and "Up gradation consultant" from
RI3 4.7 to ECC 6.0,

Involved in preparing functional and technical specifications as per the user requirements Customized
MM functionalities: Master Data Material Master, Service Master, info records, source lists, Consumption
Based Planning, purchasing, and Inventory Management.

Configured purchasing organization, purchasing groups and pricing & other Purchase functions
Configured the Inventory management of goods at the points of receipt and issue for all stock
categories and special stocks viz.

consignment, third party, and sub-contracting.

Created physical inventory settings, documents, posting differences, inventory sampling and cycle
counting

Configured vendor master partner functions

Worked on quality contracts, value contract for purchase requisition, contracts and purchase orders
Material planning: MRP (MRP types, MRP profiles), planning run, lot size calculation, reorder point
planning

Configured Batch Management creating class and characteristics master data, condition table, access
sequence, strategy type and define batch search procedure.

Customization of Batch Management by defining batch strategy for inventory management
Implemented Capacity Scheduling, Capacity planning, Long Term Planning, Sales & operation planning
Implemented deterministic & Consumption based MRP.

Implemented in Variant Configuration with Engineering Change management (ECM).

Implemented MTS, MTO, and ETO processes on different SAP projects assignments

Configures BOMs and Routers.

Configured tolerances and limits in purchase orders and created scheduling agreement and contracts.
Configured warehouse management settings with various storage types, sections, storage bins and
quants

Configured Inventory Management Parameters for all goods movements like goods receipts, goods
issues, reservations, GR for blocked stock, goods returns Configured release strategy for purchase
requisition and purchase orders as per the approval hierarchy of the client Unit test for distribution
process pricing, delivery outputs and reports

Configuring document types for purchasing documents like RFQ, purchase requisition, purchase
orders.

Assisted in system settings that are relevant to the maintenance of conditions and price determination
in the purchase of materials Automatic determination of GL accounts, mapping valuation classes to GL
account Designing Core User and End User Training strategies and training documentation with tools
like RWD U-perform Assisted the project lead in preparing various documentations and also conducted
‘seminars and training sessions Developed and worked upon various test cases and scripts and tested
various scenarios using various quality tools such as HPQC Performed Unit testing and Integration
testing's.

Responsible for providing the necessary documentation and knowledge transfer for the implementation.

MM CONSULTANT 05/2007 to 11/2009

Hyundai Motor India Ltd | City, India

Collected the business information about the Organization Structure and Business Process Modified
plants, Valuation area, Storage locations, Warehouse and Purchase organization as per the Enterprise
Structure and Business Process

Defined and Acquired System Application Requirements from Business Community.

Translated Business Requirements into Technical Specifications Defined requirements and translated
into Technical Specifications Travel and Training Applications Configured the Material types, Number
ranges and Material groups.

Created new Material types, Field references and Field selection groups and Classification Created and
Configured Masters that included Materials with classification, Vendor, and Purchase Info records per
the client's requirements

Created and Configured Purchasing groups, Source list, Purchase Requisition, Purchase Order and
Stock Transport orders Created and supported Purchase requisition, Quotations and Purchase orders,
Demonstrated the use of Release Orders from a Contract Configured and created Subcontracting
document Configured Bill of Materials, Revision Levels for Materials and Change process with Release
Procedure

Implemented various goods movement types for Goods receipt and Goods issue Created and
supported the process of Invoice verification against PO.

Worked on various reports in MM module with the ABAP Consultants

Bachelors of Engineering in | Computer Sciences 2007
JNTU, Hyderabad, Telangana

ABAP, Go-Live, Basic, Business Process Understanding.C, C++, Capacity Planning, Change management,
Contracts, Conversion, Conducting Seminars, Costing, Credit, CRM, Client Interaction, Cycle Counting, Data
Conversion, Data Dictionary, Data migration, Database, Delivery On-time, Designing, Differentt Operating
Sysytems, Documentation, Electronic Data Interchange.HP Service Manager 9, Informatica to SAP, Inspection,
Inventory management, Logistics Management, Manufacturing processes, Materials Management, EXCEL,
MS Office, PowerPoint, Production Planning, Share Point, SQL Server 2000, Microsoft Visio, MS Word, MRP.
MTS, Oracle, Oracle 8i, organizational, Purchase Requisition, Pricing Procedures, Procurement,
Programming, Project lead, Purchase Requisitions, Purchasing, Quality Management, Quality Assurance,
Requirement Fullfilment, Retail industry, PP Routers, Routing, SAP R/3, SAP 4.0, SAP 6.0, SD, Scanners,
Scheduling, Variant Scripts, Shipping Settings, SOP. SQL, Strategy Planning, Supply Chain Management,
Major MM,PP.FI Tables, User Training, User Manuals, Test Director, Tibco, Training Manuals, Transportation
Issues, UNIX, Upgrade, Utilities, Valuations, Various View, WebSphere, Workbench