JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Over 7.8 years of programming experience as an PL-SQL/ETL developer in analysis, design and Implementation of business logics in data
warehouse (OLAP) applications and transactional database (OLTP) development.

Experience In Teradata utilities like FastLoad, MultiLoad, FastExport and BTEQ

Expertise in Oracle SQL and PL/SQL including all database objects: stored procedures, stored functions, packages, TYPE objects, triggers,
cursors, REF cursors, parameterized cursors, views, materialized views and PL/SQL collections.

Good knowledge on logical and physical data modeling using normalizing techniques, performance related features such as query
optimizer, execution plans and Indexes.

Strong experience in data warehouse concepts and ETL tools like SSIS and DMExpress.

Experience in working on Microsoft SQL Server environment.

Experience with data analysis and reporting using Oracle BI Publisher, Microsoft SSRS and Power BL

Good exposure to Microsoft SharePoint designing and configuring various reporting platform on it.

Strong problem solving & technical skills coupled with confident decision making for enabling effective solutions leading to high customer
satisfaction and low operation costs.

Having good expertise in all the stages of full software development life cycle Implementation (SDLC)

Expertise in agile process of software development.

Excellent communication, interpersonal, analytical skills and strong ability to perform as part of a team in onsite/ofishore model.

 

SKILLS

© Oracle PL/SQL * SSRS
© Teradata * Power BI
* SQL Server * Microsoft SharePoint
* DMExpress * Agile
* SSIS * BI
© Unix * Data modeling
+ BIPublisher *EIL

Work History

PL-SQL / ETL DEVELOPER, 12/2019 - Current
Wipro Ltd. — Melville, NY

Analyze business requirements, maintenance/development requests for ETL using DM Express tool from various source systems like
Billing, HR, Payroll, General Ledger, Purchase order, Budget Into enterprise Data warehouse.

Work closely with Business Analysts for requirement gathering, designing database and creating workflow.

Evaluate business requests and preparing low level / high level design for new system, and compatibility with current systems.
Coding and development/enhancement/modification of new/existing DMExpress, Spark, BTEQ, MLoad, Fast Export, Fast Load jobs
following Syntel and HCA coding standards.

Plan and define development and testing strategy and performing Unit testing for code changes done.

Creating/Modifying Power-BI reports and validating its functionality with customer and upload dashboards into Servers

Mapped processes to holistically examine business flow and identify improvement opportunities

Researched and redesigned ETL workflow to improve performance by up to 50%.

Applied knowledge of data modeling and statistical analysis to note trends and draw conclusions.

‘Validated results and performed quality assurance to assess data accuracy.

Documented procedures and business processes and shared information with appropriate stakeholders.

Daily troubleshooting, ETL production support for LAWSON data requirements.

PL-SQL /ETL Developer, 04/2019 - 12/2019
Atos Syntel — City, STATE

Understanding requirements and translating it to technical form and creating design documents.
Legacy data conversion and migration using SQL, SSIS and DMExpress.

Coding and development/enhancement of new/existing processes in SQL server and Oracle database and ETL tools like SSIS and
DMExpress following coding standard of client architecture.

Performing unit testing for code changes.

Root cause analysis of frequent issues and applying permanent fix to ensure SLA compliance for ETL jobs.

Participate in review meetings of various deliverables like code review and design review of ongoing changes/implementations.
Daily critical cycle support in production environment to ensure data is getting delivered to downstream system within SLA timeline

Documented and communicated database schemas using accepted notations.

PL-SQL / ETL DEVELOPER, 03/2017 - 03/2019
Atos Syntel — City, STATE

Involved in requirement gathering fom business partners/end users and translating it to technical and functional requirements.
Organized business requirements into conceptual, logical and physical OLAP models.

Created / reviewed high-level design specification, ETL coding and mapping documents.

Involved in sprint planning sessions and effort estimation meetings in agile environment.

Leading and guiding team to understand and implement solution for business requirements in effective manner.

Involved in ETL Development using native Oracle tools (SQL LOADER & Oracle PL/SQL).

Participated in system analysis and data modeling, which included creating tables, views, indexes, synonyms, triggers, functions,
procedures, cursors and packages.

Wrote complex SQL queries on fact and dimensional tables to pull data for analysis purpose and created reports using BI Publisher and
Microsoft SSRS.

Optimized broken and inefficient assets through effectively troubleshooting technical processes and workflows.

Interpreted data models for conversion into ETL diagrams and code.

Collaborated with business intelligence staff at customer facilities to produce customized ETL solutions for specific goals
‘Communicated regularly with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration.

‘Wrote and optimized in-application SQL statements.

PL-SQL Developer, 12/2013 - 02/2017
Atos Syntel — City, STATE

Involved in ETL Development using native Oracle tools (SQL.
LOADER, Oracle PL/SQL).

Participated in system analysis and data modeling, which included creating tables, views, indexes, synonyms, triggers, functions,
procedures, cursors and packages.

Used advanced Bulk techniques (FOR ALL, BULK COLLECT) to improve performance.

Involved in performance tuning on SQL using AUTO TRACE, EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF utilities

‘Worked on analytical functions like RANK, DENSE RANK, LAG, LEAD and PARTITION OVER.

‘Wrote complex SQL queries on fact and dimensional tables to pull data for analysis purpose and created reports using BI Publisher and
Microsoft SSRS.

Generated, debugged and enhanced existing reports with introduction of new system features.

Managed workload independently but collaborated with colleagues to complete larger scale tasks in distributed team environment.

EpucaTion

 

Bachelor of Engineering: Computer Science, 06/2013

Pune Universit

 

- Pune, India

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Received individual (Imaginative) and team (Adaptive) value awards from the organization.

Received multiple SPOT awards from project manager and Engagement manager for defect free production deployments.

CERTIFICATIONS

Oracle Database 11g: SQL Fundamentals I (1Z0-051)
Oracle Database 11g: Administration I (1Z0-052)