Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Career Overview

Senior Naval Tactical Command Support System (NTCSS) Database Developer Supervisor and Systems (UNIX / LINUX)
Administrator.

Qualifications

« Strong analytical skills Technical help desk experience

* Database management * Programming and design skills

« Structured query language (SQL) expert Information security

Testing

Server Maintenance

+ Network asset management

* Project management
* UNIX/LINUX

* Document management

Content management systems

Customer needs assessment

« Excellent problem solving skills

Accomplishments

Twenty-five (25) years experience in leading a broad range of waterfront-based Fleet Introduction initiative and activities in the
building of New Construction and In-Service CG 47, DDG 51, LPD 17 and LHA Class ships databases. Expertise includes a working
knowledge of several programming languages, familiarity with a diverse assortment of operating systems and hands on experience
associated with many SPAWARSYSCEN hardware platforms utilizing the NICSS database suite. A quality communicator, confident
and proficient in team building as evidenced in leadership skills.

Work Experience

Project Manager / Database Developer Supervisor, 09/2000 to Current

Fiserv, Inc. — Massachusetts, MA

Fully responsible for the waterfront management of database development, hardware and network engineering teams supporting the
LPD 17 and DDG 51 NTCSS programs.

Serves as NTCSS technical support and management focal point for:

Liaison role with contractor and government agencies for NTCSS hardware, network and software support

Coordinates and disseminates Installation / Familiarization POAMs for SCT thru PSA database evolutions.

Coordinates, scheduling and providing RADM, RSUPPLY, OMMS-NG familiarization to shipboard personnel.

Initializes, updates and maintains the NICSS database suite until the ships evolution reaches SCN-OWLD.

Responsible for installation of government-provided NICS updates aboard ship.

Management of program for PCU/PCD NTCSS systems to include hardware configuration and software.

Technical liaison to Ships Force on issues concerning Relational Administration (RADM), Organizational Maintenance Management
System — Next Generation (OMMS-NG) and Relational Supply (RSUPPLY).

Coordinates with shipboard personnel to establish Ships’ Organizational File information for RADM database initialization.

Ensures PreComm crew training databases are converted and migrated into the NTCSS Relational Admin (RADM) database prior to
SCT.

Responsible for transfer of the initial installation NTCSS database to SPAWARSYSCEN Atlantic associated with crew move aboard

evolution.

Provides daily contact with, and status reports of system familiarization to, Ships Supply Officer and Ships Material Maintenance
Management (3M) Program Coordinator.

Coordinates with Ships’ 3M Coordinator and Supply Officer to ensure proper NICSS procedures are followed from Pre-
Commissioning through the end of Post-Shakedown Availability (PSA) and until the ship reaches SCN-OWLD.

Coordinates the updating of the Ships’ OMMS-NG database with missing COSAL data.

Coordinates with shipboard supply personnel concerning the establishment of issue and receipt procedures for the period between

crew move aboard and sail away

 

Coordinates quality assurance and validation of the ships RSUPPLY database.
Assists Supply Department personnel in identification of frustrated material.

Creates and updates basic users manual’s associated with RADM, OMMS-NG and RSUPPLY.
Coordinates ASI information between Supervisor of Shipbuilding and ships force.

Project Manager / Principal Programmer, 1996 to 08/2000

Technology, Management And Analysis — City, STATE

Team Lead in support to the Supervisor of Shipbuilding located in Pascagoula, Ms., Bath, Me and PEO TSC for the scheduling and
development of New Construction SNAP databases.

Familiarized shipboard personnel concerning the functionality of the SNAP databases.
‘Managed the hardware and software suite for the New Construction database build team.

SNAP Task Leader / Principal Programmer, 08/1993 to 11/1995

PRC, Inc - City, STATE

Team Lead and manager in support to the Supervisor of Shipbuilding located in Pascagoula Ms., Bath Me and the Aegis Program
Office Washington D.C. for the scheduling and development of New Construction SNAP databases.

Analyzed and designed programming code in support database build processes.
‘Managed the hardware and software suite for the New Construction database build team.

Computer Programmer, 08/1987 to 07/1993
Ingalls Shipbuilding, Inc. - City, STATE

Provided support services to the Supervisor of Shipbuilding Pascagoula MS, Bath Maine and the Aegis Program Office concerning
the development of New Construction SNAP databases.

Analyzed and designed programming code in support database build processes.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science, 1987

University Of Southern Mississippi - Hattiesburg, MS
Certifications

«Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)
*CompTIA LINUX + Networking Professional
*CompTIA Security+ Certification - DoD 8570.1-M requirement

Skills

Project Manager
Principle Programmer
NTCSS Database Developer