JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Seven years of experience in analysis, design, implementation and administration of BI using Microsoft SQL server 2012/2008/2005/2000 in
development, testing & production. Expert in writing T-SQL, working on DTS, SSIS, SSRS, Data Cleansing, Data Scrubbing and Data Migration.
Developed Custom Reports and different types of Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, Adhoc Reports and distributed Reports in multiple formats using
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) in Business Intelligence development studio (BIDS). Proficient building end to end data integration and
workflow solutions from input source extraction, apply various transformations and data load. Database development experience with Microsoft
SQL Server in OLTP/OLAP environments using integration services (SSIS) for ETL (Extraction, Transformation and Loading). Database
Administrative skills including, backups, recovery and database maintenance. Involved in optimization of data models using Ralph Kimball's
dimensional and Bill Innmon E-R models. Experience in DTS packages migration and creating complex SSIS for ETL purposes including data
migration, data extraction/ transformation/loading (ETL). Data flows using SSIS, creating mappings/workflows to extract data from Oracle, SQL
Server, MS Access, Excel and Flat File sources, legacy systems and load into various Business Entities. Involved in writing complex queries, stored
procedures, batch scripts, triggers, functions, joins and views using T-SQL Performance tuning of stored procedures, cascading operations, large T-
SQL queries using indexes and efficient coding standards. Developed cubes, SCD and Hierarchies for analysts and executive Dashboards using
Charts and Graphs. Developed business applications with VB 6 and Object-Oriented Software Languages VB.NET Creating and managing users,
roles and assigning necessary permissions for SQL Server security. Handling dead locks, scheduling and maintaining the jobs and automatic e-mail
notifications. Complete understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC) including requirement analysis, requirement gathering, design,
development, implementation and testing and deployment experience. Sound knowledge of SQL server administrative skills including, backups,
disaster recovery, database maintenance, user authorizations and database creation.

 

SKILLS

* Operating System Windows XP/7/8/10; Windows Server
2005/2008/2012: Red Hat and CentOS

* Languages T-SQL, PL/SQL, Visual Basic 6, NET

* RDBMS MS SQL Server 2008/2012/2014, MS Access 2013/2016,
Oracle 9i/10g/11g, MySQL

* ETL Tools SSDT, BIDS, DTS, Import/ Export wizard

« Reporting Tools SQL Server Reporting Tools (SSRS), Crystal
Reports, MS Excel

* Source Control Tools Visual Source Safe (2005), Team Foundation
Server (2008/2010)

+ Data modeling Tools Microsoft Visio 5.0, ER-Win v 4.0

« Testing Tools QTP 10, Quality Center 10, TFS for bug tracking

* Others Agile, SCRUM, IIS.LINQ

Work History
Data Migration/ETL Developer, 04/2016 - 10/2016
GRM - City. STATE
* GRMis a leading provider of information management solutions that provides data protection, imaging, certified destruction, film storage, hard
copy, and more
© Convert and migrate customer legacy databases using SQL Server 2014 tools (SSIS).
© Work with various source data formats such as Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access, MS Excel, and ASCII text files to extract relevant data and
migrate to GRM's ECM (Enterprise Content Management) application.
* Migrate clients image data with a vendor-neutral archive (VNA) which is an enterprise-class data management.
* system that consolidates primarily medical image data from multiple imaging departments into a master directory and corresponding
consolidated storage solution.
* Provide technical documentation of the data migration project for different clients.
* Design and implement a table partitioning on a very large databases (VLD) in order to maximize scale and performance of VLDBs and tuned
much more granularly than smaller databases
* Develop SSIS packages with VB logic in SSIS Script task to customize for data formatting purpose.
« Tools and Technologies: SQL Server 2014 Enterprise Edition, SSIS, T-SQL, Windows Server 2008/22012, GRM ECM application.

SQL/SSIS/SSRS Developer, 09/2015 - 03/2016
Novedea Systems — City, STATE
* Novedea Systems is a business intelligence consulting firm helping organizations achieve superior performance by realizing the business
potential of BI technology.
Extract Data from various locations such as Excel and flat files to SQL server 2008 SSIS.
* Perform data extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) between systems using SQL tools such as SSIS.
* Create database objects like Views, Stored Procedures and SQLCLR for hosting of the Microsoft NET common language run-time engine
within SQL Server.
* Create parameterized reports for the users and clients, with drill-down, drill-through features.
* Develop SQL Queries and Stored Procedures to fetch data from different tables in remote databases using Joins
« Expertise in SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Created Tabular, Matrix, Drill Down, Bar Chatt, Pie Chart reports to analyze critical data
in SSRS.
* Database development experience with Microsoft SQL Server in OLTP/OLAP environments using integration services (SSIS) for ETL
(Extraction, Transformation and Loading).
Database Administrative skills including, backups, recovery, database maintenance.
Define the report layout and identified datasets for the report generation.
Develop reports using complex T-SQL queries, user defined functions, stored procedures and views
Involved in creating sub reports on dashboard, linked reports, charts, snapshot reports, drill through, and report models drill down reports using
acube
Design reports using table filters, single value parameters, multi value parameters, Dynamic, dependent parameters and cascading parameters.
* Work with different control flow tasks in creating SSIS packages
* Tools and Technologies

SQL Server SSMS\SSIS\SSRS Developer, 07/2012 - 05/2015
Lion International Bank

* Lion International Bank is a commercial bank with more than 200 branches within Ethiopia with an 11-year history in giving different services

in retail banking services.

* Gathering the requirements, Creation/review of Business, Functional requirement Documents for business systems, experience in database

design process and data modeling process.

« Involved in designing Databases, Data Marts, E-R model for OLTP and Multi-Dimensional Model for OLAP.

© Work with various upstream and downstream systems and customers in interfacing various systems for data extractions, ETL, Analytics and

Reporting needs.

+ Involved in source data analysis, design and creation of data mappings for extraction of bulk data from heterogeneous sources like Oracle and

other OLEDB data sources.

* Design and developed SSIS packages using various control flow and data flow items to transform and load the data from various databases and

into servers using SQL server integration services (SSIS).

« Extract data from various sources like SQL server 2005/2008, Oracle, CSV, Excel and Text file from client servers Create packages included a
variety of transformations, Slowly Changing Dimensions, Look up, Aggregate, Derived Column, Conditional Split, Multicast and Data
Conversion.

Configure packages with checkpoints, package logging, error logging and event handling to redirect error rows and fix the errors in SSIS.

Scheduling and maintaining SSIS packages and batch jobs thru SQL server agent on a day to day basis.

Work on developing tables, indexes, views, creating complex stored procedures, triggers, functions.

Handle Performance Tuning and Optimization, with strong analytical and troubleshooting skills for quick issue resolution in large-scale

production environments located globally.

* Create complex ad-hoc reports, sub reports, linked reports, charts, drill through/drilldown reports and created large number of report models for
users to create their own reports

« Design enterprise reports using SQL server reporting services (SSRS) and excel pivot tables based on OLAP cubes which make use of multiple
value section in parameters pick list, cascading and dynamics reports

* Deploy the solutions on web server, involved in creating user security and roles in reporting services at both parent level and report level.

* Tools and Technologies

Database / SSRS Developer, 07/2008 - 06/2012
Commercial Bank Of Ethiopia — City
* Commercial Bank of Ethiopia (CBE) is a leading bank in Ethiopia which has bilateral arrangement with more than 700 International banks
around the world
Design architecture of a datacenter, logical & physical data modeling, and data dictionary mappings.
Warehouse development starting from inception to implementation and ongoing support.
Write various DB objects like user defined functions, views, instead of triggers, usage of indexes for accomplishing various tasks.
‘Work on analyzing and performance tuning queries by looking at the indexes, appropriate joins.
Statistics and execution plans using SQL profiler /query analyzer.
Design packages with error handling and package logging that stores the logging results in SQL table and log files.
Create package configurations, event handlers for on error, on warning, on task failed event types.
Involved in monitoring and troubleshooting complex packages by using data viewers, grids, debugging and maintenance of ETL packages and
its optimization using SQL server best practices.
Configure, install, and administer reporting services 2005
Create report email subscription using data driven and time driven report subscriptions.
‘Work on dimensional data modeling using star and snowflake schemas for fact and dimension tables.
Define data sources, data source views, dimensions, measures, hierarchies, attributes, calculations, KPT's, perspectives and roles.
Use team foundation server to store, run, view, edit and revert back to different versions of the design and development phases
Create complex conceptual database designs in SQL Server 2000/2005 using various constraints and triggers.
Implement complex business requirement in backend using efficient stored procedures and flexible functions, and facilitate easy implementation
to the front end.
+ Compliance.

 

 

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science: Mathematics, 1980
ADDIS ABABA UNIVERISTY - ADDIS ABABA
Mathematics
Bachelor of Science: Mathematics, 1980
Addis Ababa University - Addis Ababa
Certification on Database Management System Implementing ORACLE's Financial Services Software (OFSS) Microsoft Certified Systems
Engineer (MCSE) Certificate on Business Process Re-engineering (BPR)Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 (MCP): Relational
Database, 1990
Ethiopian Science & Technology Commission - Asdis Ababa