JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

SAP R/3 Technical consultant Over 3+ Years in SAP Security & GRC, SAP spanning across implementation and support projects. [have
gained substantial experience in business process mapping, configuration, enhancements, and post implementation support in SAP.

Semis

 

« Strong organization and time management skills. Ability to
* Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/NT/XP communicate effectively (both written and oral) using clear,
* SAPR3, ECC, GRC concise, and understandable language
* Oracle Database, Access Database * Multi-tasking skills, detail oriented, and ability to work with
minimal supervision.
+ Talent for identifying creative solutions to customer service issues
to ensure satisfaction.
* Role Administration including Role creation modification/ export
/ import
* Create RFC connection between two systems
+ Complete rework on Emergency Access Management(EAM),
Access Risk Analysis (ARA), Access Request Management
(ARM) & Business Role Management (BRM)
* User and Role Administration and having good troubleshooting
skills.
« Skilled at leaming new concepts quickly while working well
under pressure Highly organized and dedicated with a positive
attitude

TRaInING

 

Received Training on:
* SAP Security & BASIS Admin
* SAP GRC Access Control (ARA, ARM, EAM, BRM)

‘Worx History

 

 

10/2014 to 08/2016 SAP Security & GRC Consultant
Cognizant Technology Solutions — Tempe, AZ

Extensively used SU53 and SUIM to assign the missing authorizations to the users. Tracing missing authorizations
objects using SUS3 and recommended appropriate roles for the end users.

‘© User administration (creating, maintaining, deleting user accounts and assigning roles) Managing user login
parameters and password parameters.

‘© Comprehensive use of Profile Generator to generate roles and assign roles to end users.

+ Configured and Implemented GRC Access Control Suite 10.0

‘© GRC implementation; automation: upgrade experience with GRC ARA, ARM, EAM, BRM and SAP CUA
(Central User Administration) integration with SAP GRC.

* Excellent knowledge of SOX, Audit issues and Segregation of Duties (SoD) issues

‘* Under Risk Analysis and Remediation, performed User & Role analysis to identify existing SoD violations Risk

* Using ARA produced Analytical Reports on User, User Groups, Roles and Profiles.

+ Performed remediation and mitigation against various risks associated with roles and users

‘* ARA has Simulation features to allow you to assess the impact of potential remediation activities on the reported
conflicts prior to making the actual change.

‘© Experience in creating and assigning FF ID's and extracting Fire Fighter logs.

«A firefighter ID is a temporary user ID that grants the user exception-based, yet regulated, access.

‘© The firefighter ID is created by a system administrator and assigned to users who need to perform tasks in
emergency or extraordinary situations

+ Configured Workflow, actions and rules.

+ Configured HR trigger provisioning and scheduled background jobs.

+ Configured User Data source and defined authentication system for requestors using ARM.

‘Strong capability in using ARM to use the work flow functionality to ensure a comprehensive and compliant
change management process for risk control and maintenance

© Experience in using ARM to configure workflow for User Access Review and User SoD Review.

02/2014 to 10/2014 SAP Security Consultant
Accenture Contractor Jobs — Montgomery, AL

‘© User master Record creation/ modification using SU01, including complex design restrictions.

‘© Mass user creation using SU10.

‘© Utilized SECATT for mass user creation allowing automatic testing of SAP business processes.

* Created QTP scripts for mass creation and deletion of users and roles during system clean ups, Mass role
generation, user assignments and others as required for team.

‘* Role creation/ modification using Profile Generator (PFCG) including complex design restrictions.

‘* Ensured accuracy and segregation of duties through comprehensive testing of all profiles and authorizations.

Expertise in resolving Authorization issues by analyzing Authorization Checks.

© Troubleshooting user access through authorization error analysis (SUS3, SUS6) and System Trace (STO1).

* Ifneeded, then work with Functional, BASIS, and Network teams to troubleshoot complex access problems.

‘© Monitor and maintain user ID through User Information System (SUIM) - created monthly audit reports.

© Worked extensively with SE01, SE09 & SE10 in managing mass transport.

‘+ When in need, helped on audit logs using SM18, SM19 and SM20

‘* When needed, helped with Database and Server monitoring, system back up scheduling through Monitoring
Transactions such as SM50, SM51, DB12, DB 13 etc.

© Proficient in working with the tables USR, AGR, and USH.

04/2012 to 02/2014 Lead Operational Representative
Bank Of America, N.A. - City, STATE

‘© Handling Administration Changes, requests that are entered making sure that they are knowledgeable and make
sense logically so than the request can be approved.

«* Tracing missing authorizations objects using SUS3 and recommended appropriate roles for the end users.

‘© User administration (creating, maintaining, deleting user accounts and assigning roles)

‘© Managing user login parameters and password parameters.

‘© Reaching out to the Line of Business when logic does not meet requirements.

‘© Analyzing authorization problems/errors and implementing appropriate solutions.

‘ Daily audits of the FACS tool

‘New access request for new bank associates.

‘© Modify request for existing bank associates.

‘© Help train new associates.

‘© Monitor the group Inbox.

‘© Update Policies and Procedures for FACS Admin & START process.

04/2007 to 08/2011 Lead Operational Representative
Bank Of America, N.A.— City, STATE

‘© Manages customer and client relationships.

* Responsibilities included basic level reporting, customer service support, reviewing and processing transactions,
sorting using electronic or mechanical equipment, reconciling, statement rendering and MICR/image.

‘© User administration (creating, maintaining, deleting user accounts and assigning roles)

* Distribute daily work to meet deadline and goals.

+ Identify and implement process improvement opportunities

+ Provide guidance to less experience team member.

+ Address and escalates concems/issues with a sense of urgency.

‘© Evaluates the consequences of problems and makes recommendations to support the generation of useful, realistic,
and effective alternative solutions to problems.

05/2002 to 09/2006 MBBS Pool Analyst
LaSalle Bank — City, STATE.
* Reviewing Mortgage/loan documents
= Data Entry/Filing
© General Clerical Work

 

Epucation

2006 Associate Degree in General Education
College of Dupage Glen - Ellyn, IL

Association

General Education