Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

With more than 16 years of rich IT experience, with proficiency in HP Server Automation, Developing UNIX Shell scripts and
Database Administration presently associated with HCL America, as Technology Expert working for Synchrony Financial as HP
Server Automation Subject Matter Expert.

Interests

Awarded with "Certificate of appreciation" for the remarkable performance at HCL. “Awarded as "Star Performer” in HP for the NSE
Project. “Honored with "E-Award"” in HP for two projects (Saudi Telecom and Patni) “Honored with "E-Award” for the Whitepaper
getting selected for HP's Technology event.

Skills
* Guest services * Loss prevention
« Inventory control procedures * Cash register operations
* Merchandising expertise * Product promotions
Work History

Consultant, 07/2011 to Current
Iqvia Holdings Inc - Orlando, FL

* Driven complex technical projects to support the Data Center servers Planning, estimation, Deployment, Integration and training
for HP SA (Opsware).

+ Developed documentation to assist the Build and Run team for seamless operation.

‘+ Support break and fix for any issues around the HP Server Automation (Opsware).

* Provide service rendered to 2 major Datacenters in the locations Dallas, TX and Phoenix, AZ.

‘* Monitor all change management, Incident management, request and problem management queues.

* Manage existing patches and patch policies within Opsware and maintain version control.

* Maintain monthly Microsoft security updates within Opsware.

+ Package new patches and vulnerability remediation scripts within Opsware.

+ Planning and scheduling Patching.

* Manage HP Server Automation (Opsware) environment.

* Manage Agent connectivity.

* Manage Package Inventory.

+ Apply patches and hotfixes recommended by vendor.

+ Implemented Satellite Infrastructure for the current environment Involved in Opsware Support Transition Delivered KT Session
to offshore folks on HP Tool Opsware Technology with SA Architecture components & core Documented SOPs for Opsware SA
12 Tasks.

+ Served as a Key Resource /SME on all Automation Activities for Opsware Activities.

+ Expertise in troubleshooting Opsware Agent issues Opsware SA - Global Shell, API, SA Web Interface, SA Client Opsware
Support Process which gives brief about SA Core Processes , Agent Restart on managed server Developed several API scripts for
Opsware Automation.

* SA asa Server Life cycle Management.

* Completed Technical Documentation on Agent Management process.

* Worked on Service Now Ticket SLA for providing access to the user who request for application access for Opsware.

* Won Client appraisal for outstanding performance on Technical skills throughout the project.

+ FedEx: Technology: HP SERVER AUTOMATION, Linux Job Description [Objectives / Responsibilities]: User Administration
(Mkacct).

+ Perform Hostname Generation per Tool Perform Account Management Tasks (Add/Remove Accounts) Perform IP Management
per Tool Review basic Compliance Remediation (Tripwire) Server Build (Using HPSA) DNS Registrations HCL, Chennai
Technology Consultant - From AUG 22nd 2011 - DEC 28th 2013 Projects undertaken: GE: Technology: HP SERVER
AUTOMATION, UNIX, DBA Job Description [Objectives / Responsibilities]: Developed UNIX Shell scripts to extract the data
from a new data source and parse it using SED and AWK.

+ Performed Oracle Database Administration activities to maintain the size of the database.

+ Have worked extensively on Different flavors of UNIX operating systems Completed Opsware Support Transition Delivered KT
Session to offshore folks on HP Tool Opsware Technology with SA Architecture components & core Documented SOPs for
Opsware SA L2 Tasks.

+ Served as a Key Resource /SME on all Automation Activities for Opsware Activities.

‘+ Learnt Day to day operations activity with various platform engineering team and escalation points Organization Structure,
Opsware Architecture and Environment.

+ Built server from bare OS through VMWARE tools and using Opsware provisioning process Expertise in troubleshooting
Opsware Agent issues Opsware SA - Global Shell, API, SA Web Interface, SA Client Opsware Support Process which gives brief
about SA Core Processes , Agent Restart on managed server Developed several API scripts for Opsware Automation.

* SA asa Server Life cycle Management.

* Completed Technical Documentation on Agent Management process.

* Worked on Service Now Ticket SLA for providing access to the user who request for application access for Opsware.

+ Scheduled Cron Jobs for running the tasks on daily basis for generating reports.

* Won Client appraisal for outstanding performance on Technical skills throughout the project.

* Worked on SLA's of incident, Request tickets as part of daily activities.

Consulting Associate, 2006 to 07/2011

Jones Lange Lasalle Inc.

Projects undertaken, Current to Current
Scheels Sports

SERVICE DESK, UNIX, DBA, Current to Current
Smith Seckman Reid, Inc.
© Saudi Arabia

HP OPERATION MANAGER, Current to Current
Capital One - Somerville
« Integrated Oracle and MS SQL DB SPI for 26 database servers.

Customized the user defined metrics for HP Operations Manager.

‘Customized templates according to customer requirement.
‘Target servers were of all flavors of UNIX and configured the DB SPI on the UNIX Servers.
Tata, Mumbai

Implementer, Current to Current
ICICI HP CLIENT AUTOMATION ENTERPRISE - City
* Designed and implemented Core and Satellite for 80,000 desktops

Packaged 5 packages and distributed across the network,
Proficiency in Packager, Publisher, CSDB Editor.

Implemented Patch Management.

Installed and configured MSSQL/Oracle Database as part of the application implementation.

Patni, Mumbai/Bangalore Technology

support, Current to Current
Saudi Telecom Company
+ Saudi Arabia Technology

Technology Consultant, 2006 to 07/2011
Hewlett-Packard -— City, STATE
« Attended all team meetings to resolve technical and project issues, coordinate with team members and review project schedules.
* Reviewed project goals and objectives with the project manager and design team.
‘* Mentored less experienced architects and trained architectural personnel.
* Created new and innovative approaches to problems and discussed them with project managers.
* Communicated with all other vendors and contractors and incorporated their input into project designs
* Planned and led professional development reviews and “lessons learned” sessions.
+ Oversaw implementation of application developments.
« Identified and corrected performance issues.
« Trained users in the proper use of hardware or software.

* Followed internal procedures for change management, incident management and escalation.

Sr. Software Engineer, 03/2000 to 11/2005
WebSpectrum Software Pvt. Ltd. — City, STATE

Developed Test Cases for the Network Management Systems.

Performed UNIX System Administration and Patch Management for HP-UX.
Tested various NMS tools.

Developed Developer 2000 forms for Root Cause analysis modules.
Developed UNIX Shell scripts for the MKS (version control).

Installed and configured Oracle Database.

Discovered and monitored routers/switches, firewall etc.

Configured the threshold for trap generation.

Configured custom maps.

Uploaded the MIBs for specific traps.

Configured for custom actions (Email generation).

Developed UNIX Shell scripts to discover nodes using SNMP polling.

Education

Bachelors of Engineering: Instrumentation, 1998
University BDT College of Engineering - Karnataka

* Top 74% of dass

* Graduated with degree of Bachelor of Engineering

Additional Information

+ HONORS & AWARDS Awarded with "Certificate of appreciation” for the remarkable performance at HCL. Awarded as "Star
Performer” in HP for the NSE Project. Honored with "E-Award" in HP for two projects (Saudi Telecom and Patni) Honored with
“E-Award’ for the Whitepaper getting selected for HP’s Technology event.

* Date: 11-15-2016 Place: Alpharetta, GA, USA