AREAS OF EXPERTISE

orkfiow management
Contacting poopie
Team meetings

Call monitoring
Cold caine

(Conducting appraicals

Customer service

PROFESSIONAL

Fluent French seater

PERSONAL SKILLS
Hard working

Loyal

Persistent

Focazed

contact

Maxine Cory
Dayjd Zed

The ig Peg
Birmingham

BG oN

T0121 38026
Me 01216380038

E mvadeed.com

Dring licence: Yes
‘Naonliy: Bich

Maxine Curry

Call Center Supervisor
PERSOWAL SUMOARY

A confldent, outgoing and smart Call Cente Supervisor who is calm by nature and has
2 good telephone manner. Matine will abrays ensure that individuals an tam
always meet a department’ call handling targets. She has a genuine desta achieve
resus, bob personaly and as part of succesfltenm_As tue profesional she
never shiasanay from responsiblity and will always beat the hear of wha is going
on around ber Sh basa fesible approach towards coordinating, motivating and
lending cll conte staff. Right now she i loking fora fat paced. exciting role tat
will not kp her on her tes and hosp ber waning more

WORK EXPERIENCE

‘TE Company - Birmingham
(CALLCENTER SUPERVISOR fun 2013 - Present
‘Response fr coordinating, motivating and lending 2 txm of call cenre sta.

Dares

+ Monitoring dom calls to improve quality, minimise eros nd ack call centre
stufperformance.

+ Creating eam roms to ensure the call ene is amd effectively ding core how.

+ Making sure that all services and practical rangement for the call ene sch as
Cleaning times, waste collection and sa acest ae place

+ Taking calls fom members of te pubic

+ Working evenings, weekends and public holidays in oder o mest service
‘equrement

+ Receiving telephone bookings fom members ofthe public.

+ Keeping an accurate record of al cll onze information and perfomance sate,

+ Underabing remedial action to reenfy any sa shortcomings.

+ Managing customer relationship in pre-sales fr an effective handover to post sales

+ Escalating ess to line managers when necesey.

Company name Location
JOB TITLE Employment ates (ie. Aug 2011 ~ fun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Ableto conduct tongh conversations with under performing stat
+ Logical thinker with superb restive problem-solving skis

+ Excellenorganistonal, planing and time management kl

+ Have previously worked in sma roles

+ Providing adminiseative suport to sf across the Call Cente.

+ Delivering best practise forthe eure department.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Nuneaton University 2008-2011
BSc (Hous) Business Administration

(Coventry Cena College 2005-2008,
A levels:

‘Maths (A) English B) Technology (B) Science (C)

REFERENCES ~ Available on request,