JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Summary

 

Industrious Aviation Ordnanceman proudly offering 4-year background in ammunition and weapons handling and servicing. Adept at
inspecting, maintaining and repairing electrical and mechanical systems on aircraft and stowing, loading and assembling aviation ammunition.
Energetic and hardworking with first-rate manual dexterity and above average competence with tools, equipment, and

machinery Demonstrative Airman highly committed to observing safety rules and regulations. Effective troubleshooter capable of resolving
equipment issues with relative ease. Composed leader with exemplary skills in various computer technologies. Adept at directing purchasing,
leading subordinates and coordinating maintenance operations with excellent management and administrative abilities. Successful at locating
and allocating resources to resolve issues in an independent manner Dedicated United States Navy Team Leader extensively trained in
weapons, police operations and security desiring challenging position in private security. Accomplishments include being selected to
complete numerous high profile personnel details for foreign dignitaries and performing security for the ship.

‘Multi-talented Telemarketer enthusiastic about working in fast-paced, competitive environments. Hardworking, knowledgeable and quick
thinking. Able to overcome objectives and close sales

Personable and deadline-drive Customer Service Representative experienced in working in a fast-paced environment. Solid team player
offering a positive and cooperative attitude. Customer service and sales expert able to identify customer need and deliver solutions to
problems Lively and eager Telemarketer with a passion for sales and prospecting. Regularly exceeds sales quotes by establishing a bond
between the company and the customer. Great negotiation and customer service skills. Versatile Telemarketer successful at generating leads,
gaining new customers and building loyalty from the start.

Semis

 

Product understanding
# Inbound and outbound calls
© Warm calling

«# ‘Skilled negotiator

« Performance-driven

«© Scriptuse

+ Computer proficiency

* Mathematics proficiency

+ Prospecting skills

* Schedule management

* Mentoring and development
« Strategic decision-making

«# Sales expertise

* Call center experience
«Safety procedures

+ HAZMAT handling

‘* Ammunition assembly

« Aircraft inspections

* Task prioritization

Basic and precision tools

« Equipment cleaning

« Aircraft repair and maintenance
«Inventory storage and supply

Analytical thinking
Trained in emergency response
Attentive listening

Effective time manager

Secret security clearance
Strong verbal communicator
Small arms weapons specialist
Team leadership

Exceptionally organized

Valid GA driver's license
Excellent team-builder
Equipment maintenance

CPR certified

Troubleshooting

Coordinating personnel
Training

Strong attention to detail
Security documentation
Logistics support

Firearms safety training

OC (pepper spray) certification
Firearms handling

Public safety

«© Supervising subordinates « Effective team leader
« Emergency response

EXPERIENCE

 

11/2015 to Current Aviation Ordnanceman
Spectrum — Billings, MT

‘© Worked effectively with fellow team members in fast-paced and intense environments.

* Conducted troubleshooting and diagnostic procedures to determine root causes for equipment faults in electrical
and mechanical systems.

‘© Mentored Aviation Ordnanceman to align performance with core Navy values and encourage career development.

« Performed, from August 2016 to present, testing on aircraft armament control systems in accordance with
maintenance regulations

‘* Verified team conformance to safety regulations when working within hazardous areas.

‘© Maintained airborne weapons, aircraft guns, and targets.

* Stowed, inspected, assembled and loaded aviation ammunition, including 20 mm, 9 mm, and 7.62 mm ammunition.

+ Performed various duties at sea on flight decks and ashore in hangars, including General Quarters and fixing gun
jams.

‘* Kept electronic and physical records secure, accurate and current.

‘© Trained and coached junior personnel in proper tool and safety procedures.

‘* Monitored assets including vehicles, weapons, materials and equipment valued over $3 million.

10/2014 to 06/2015 Telemarketer
Renown Health — Sparks, NV
‘# Developed at least 50 new leads each day.
+ Contacted private individuals or businesses by telephone to solicit sales.
‘© Utilized scripted sales strategies to converse with customers reached by manual dialing and automatic systems.
+ Boosted opportunities by 75% through exceptional sales ability and strong interpersonal skills with persuasive,
positive and confident approach.
+ Solicited to sell medical alert buttons to meet needs of elderly and disabled consumers.
* Contributed to team efforts by successfully accomplishing $350 in daily sales goals,
‘* Gave information about available products and services including membership details and purchase advantages.
* Broke down objections using friendly, persuasive strategies.
‘* Achieved high customer satisfaction scores by de-escalating complaints quickly.
‘* Responded to questions with knowledgeable responses.
* Collaborated with management to resolve concerns and problem calls.
‘* Resolved customer complaints by escalating calls to the proper department.
© Made 150 calls per day.
‘+ Helped new telemarketers learn best practices, communication strategies and performance standards.
‘* Performed clerical and administrative duties like taking messages and transferring calls.
‘* Handled inbound telephone calls from interested customers

08/2015 to 10/2015 Sandwich Artist
Burger King — City, STATE

‘+ Completed efficient store opening and closing procedures each day to maintain preparedness for all customer
needs.

‘= Prepared food items such as deli and hot sandwiches to meet customer specifications.

‘© Maintained clean, well-organized and properly sanitized front counter area to greet customers.

‘* Maximized customer satisfaction by quickly addressing and resolving complaints with food or service.

‘© Organized food preparation stations and replenished supplies to maximize efficiency.

‘Stored food in designated containers and proper storage locations to prevent spoilage, cross-contamination and
illnesses.

‘* Maximized time by restocking counter supplies and condiment stations, cleaning windows and emptying trash cans
during slow periods.

* Completed opening, closing and shift change tasks to promote store efficiency

‘* Answered guest questions, delivering most accurate and updated information available.

‘* Trained sandwich artists to apply attention to detail and commitment to quality

‘* Monitored and counted food stock and supplies to reorder on time.

* Cooked and prepared all food items by chopping, dicing and frying ingredients.

‘* Cleaned and sanitized kitchen equipment, service and dining areas to prevent spreading germs.

‘* Cleaned food preparation equipment, work areas and counters to maintain hygienic, sanitary establishment.

‘© Verified orders and bagged items for easy transport

* Executed all daily tasks and assisted other team members when needed.

‘© Complied with safety and sanitation guidelines to maintain health and well-being of customers and other staff.

* Cleaned and maintained all food preparation stations.

‘© Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume work shifts and fast-paced operations.

‘= Informed customers of regular deals or monthly specials, upselling 30% of orders.

Epucation Np TRAINING

 

05/2014 High School Diploma
Effingham County High School - Springfield, GA

06/2016 Aviation Ornanceman
Center For Naval Aviation Technical Training (CNATT) - Pensacola, FL