Aviation Operations Specialist
ROBERT SMITH
Phone: (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com
Linkedin:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama.
Objective
Aviation Operations Specialist, proficient in using many computer-based software programs to aid in creating an accurate analysis and assist in making executive business decisions. An independent thinker with high achievement orientation, whose roles have evolved through proven abilities and consistent high performance.
Skills
Typing 45 Wpm, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Excel And Powerpoint, CPR, Computer Skills.
Work Experience
Aviation Operations Specialist
ABC Corporation - May 2008 November 2011
⚫ Answered and quickly redirected up to 30 calls per each 9-hour workday.
• Created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.
• Collected and corrected reports from subordinates units and routed them up the chain of command for signatures.
"
Managed office supplies, vendors, organizations, and upkeep.
Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.
Completed data entry, tracked required reports and maintained the office files. Obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices.
Aviation Operations Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2006 - 2008
Specialized in assisting new personnel to incorporate themselves into the military paradigm with consistent continuity.
⚫ Communicated from supervisors with peers and to subordinates, all tasks with regular updates ensuring all requirements were always met.
•Developed a strong medical knowledge outside of her job skill allowing her to assist personnel make the accurate diagnosis early on saving the medical facility manpower and resources. • Provided a thorough knowledge of aviation operations to new personnel significantly increase the test pass rate.
This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role. This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role. ⚫ This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.
Education
BS in Sciences - 2005 (Kaplan University)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines