Robert Smith hone (12) 456 7890

Erall Infocauikresume,com
Website: vauu.quikresume.com
Linkedin: linkedin. com/quikresume.
‘Address; 1737 Marshullle Road, Alabarna

 

Assistant Operations Manager

SUMMARY

Over 4 years of experience as an Operations Manager. My career objective Is to find a position
‘thot utllzes my experience in executivelevel support and customer relations. proven track record
of organizational and problem-solving sklls. Adept at managing rmultiple projects simultaneously
‘while maintaining composure and a sense of humor

SKILLS

Forklift Operations, Basic Electricity 201 Certification, Class & Cal, Hazmat Training, First Aid And
Certified

WORK EXPERIENCE

Assistant Operations Manager
‘ABC Corporation - May 2021 ~ November 2013
© Responsible for the administration, maintenance and overall rnanagement of business
pertaining to the website, the database, employees, vendbors/contractors, customer service,
fraphic design, print production, email mat keting campaigns and event development.
‘Wark with the content and editorial teams, | coordinated and implemented ney site initlanives
Including new campaigns and social red platforms.
+ Adopted all graphic design and print production aspects for cpl
* Developed processes to support the progression from one hosted event to the néxt
+ Fadlitated the launching of two new cpl websites, which included many complex problems
salving Issues.
Developed and Implemented the customer service department and fielded all Inquires
Adjust content of sales presentations by studying the type of sales outlet,

Business Administrator
[ABC Corporation - May 2009 - May 2021
Managed a team of database researchers, maintained and improved the database platform,
created HTML for emall campaigns, planned and prepared cms and web content praduction
and management,
‘Accomplishments due to an executive-tevel position departure, | took the Initiative to learn all
business operational procedures,
This included solving the website and database related technical Issues.
Career-coached multiple clients to advance from self-ernployed to business ownership
Authored three nationally endorsed ebooks on the business model for success for the
fedvancing small business, stort-ups, the performing artist and integrative medicine,
+ Assessed, developed and implemented measured progress/outcornes for annual strategie
plans,
+ Defined target market and fostered recults-orlented relations with small business owners,
fentieprenetrs, and artists,

EDUCATION

BA in Business Administration -1986(University Of Houston - Houston, TX)DIplorna- (Cornmnunity
College of Southern Nevada)Diploma. (Dagupan Clty National High School)

(0 This Era esumeTemblats the copyright f Qnakiesuine comm. Usan Guides