JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Summary

 

‘A dedicated educator with 14 plus years of experience in a multitude of settings. Continuously building on student's strengths and confidence.
Committed to providing students with firm guidelines, regularity and dependability to foster social and academic growth. Adapting and
incorporating each students unique needs when creating authentic and meaningful lessons.

Ensuring I am creating life long leamers

Semis

 

« Proficient with smart, promethean board , MS office proficient,
schoology, google docs, ability to work well with others,
experienced with creating alternate authentic assessments and
adapting lessons, excellent oral and written communication skills

EXPERIENCE

 

08/2010 to Current Special Education Teacher
Vertex Education — Maricopa, AZ

+ Delivered specialized classroom instruction to a broad range of students with developmental disorders, including
Autism Spectrum Disorder, ED, SLD, OHI, ID and ELL students

‘© Worked in a variety of settings to include inclusion, resource/ self -contained, academic support and AAF
classrooms.

+ Provides instruction that is meaningful ,consistent and that coordinates with the districts instructional
programming,

‘* Administer assessments in order to evaluate progress for meeting academic leaming targets and progress in the
classroom.

‘* Adapt curriculum to meet the needs of students,

‘ Create a healthy classroom environment that provides for student involvement in the learning process and enable
each student to achieve learning objectives.

‘* Monitor and ensure completion of documentation and adhere to deadlines.

‘* Assess students’ needs various ways to address postsecondary transition

‘* Develop very structured behavior intervention plans to manage oppositional defiant disorders that impede on
learning in the academic setting.

‘* Reinforce and provided positive classroom management techniques for all exceptionalities and related curriculum.

‘* Communicate and collaborating with parents, teachers and administrators to discuss students individual needs,
strengths and weaknesses.

# Successfully facilitate (SOL) assessments- Virginia Standards of Learning Assessment and facilitate alternative
forms of assessment for special needs.

‘* Responsible for analyzing and interpreting test results, maintaining accurate and confidential data, reporting
students assessments to parents, school administrators,

+ Established long range objectives and developed strategies for accomplishing goals

‘* Develop and deliver lesson plans that utilize a broad range of appropriate teaching techniques and strategies to
develop students skills in the area of writing, listening, speaking and reading.

‘© Creating authentic assessments to accommodate and meet the needs of all students

* Collaborating with teachers to ensure best practices are followed.

+ Provide instruction that reflects multiple perspectives and multicultural education.

‘Ability to infuse technology into curriculum keeping students engaged

* Knowlegable with schoology and google classroom.

Excellent oral, written communication and human relation skills.

‘ Eliminated leaming gaps and effectively instructed students by developing IEPs and using wide variety of teaching
aids and motivational strategies

‘* Developed Individual Education Programs (IEP) to establish student outcome goals and define educational
strategies; leveraged developmental practices and educational theories to achieve educational objectives.

+ Fostered relationships with students to increase engagement, and periodically reported student progress to parents!
guardians and school leadership.

* Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated leaming needs.

‘+ Enhanced lessons using Smart Board technology and computers

‘* Developed interesting and interactive leaming methods tailored to help students with individual needs

‘* Transitioned sixth-graders into middle school setting and eighth-graders into high school setting successfully.

‘© Worked in collaboration with co-teacher across departments.

‘© Worked with students of varying degrees of specialized need to accomplish tasks and build practical skills.

+ Established clear objectives for all lessons to both students and parents.

‘© Supervised field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos.

+ Established and communicated clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects to both students and parents.

‘+ Implemented specialized tests to evaluate literacy performance

+ Fostered language development skills through reading and storytelling.

‘= Instructed students on ideas and customs in English as well as on conversational English and basic education
subjects, including career planning, social adjustment and practical life skills.

‘+ Adapted curriculum as needed to fit program participants’ abilities and needs, using preassessment followed by in-
progress assessments to confirm learning fulfillment.

‘© Employed a wide variety of fiction and non-fiction textual materials to encourage students to read independently.

‘* Evaluated and documented student learning and growth.

‘© Created exciting lessons on course material to educate and engage students in classroom.

‘© Worked with students individually to address areas of concem.

‘* Combined discipline plan with effective measures and lesson plans to increase concentration, participation and
progress student accountability.

‘© Created lesson plans in accordance with state curriculum and school-wide curriculum standards.

‘© Taught students to exercise problem solving methodology and techniques during tests.

* Leveraged diverse instructional strategies and hands-on activities to engage students and boost understanding of
material

+ Taught students in various stages of cognitive, linguistic, social and emotional development.

‘© Helped leamers of all abilities build learning and study skills to promote life-long educational goals

08/2005 to 06/2010 Special Education Teacher /English and Math
North Country Academy — Memphis, TN

‘ Eliminated leaming gaps and effectively instructed students by developing IEPs and using wide variety of teaching
aids and motivational strategies

‘« Assessed students! needs various ways to address postsecondary transition.

‘© Worked with at risk adolescents between the ages of 12 and 16

«Instruction and behavior management of students who are identified as LD, MR OHI, MR.ED and students with
Autism

+= Provided positive classroom management techniques for all exceptionalities and related curriculum,

‘* Developed and implemented Individual Education Plans and instructional programs.

‘© Communicate with parents, teachers and administrators to discuss students individual needs.

+ Can successfully facilitate (SOL) assessments- Virginia Standards of Learning Assessment and facilitate alternative
forms of assessment for special needs students with accommodations such as (VGLA) Virginia Grade level
Alternate Assessment portfolios and VAAP.

‘* Responsible for analyzing and interpreting test results, maintaining accurate and confidential data, reporting
students assessments to parents, school administrators, and teachers, coordinate student grouping for district wide
assessment and state assessment.

+ Fostered relationships with students to increase engagement, and periodically reported student progress to parents!
guardians and school leadership.

+ Delivered specialized classroom instruction to a broad range of students with developmental disorders, including
Autism, OHLED,SLD, MR, and ELL students

‘* Leveraged developmental practices and educational theories to achieve educational objectives.

‘* Conducted small group and individualized classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning
needs.

+ Established and communicated clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects to both students ,parents and
administrators.

‘+ Administered State Standardized test (SOL) and alternative assessments to include VAAP portfolio, VMAST,
‘VGLA and Plain English math assessments

‘* Developed interesting and interactive leaming methods tailored to help students with individual needs

07/2004 to 07/2005 Pre-K Teacher
Newport News City Public School — City, STATE

+ Fostered relationships with students to increase engagement, and report student progress to parents/guardians and
school leadership

‘* Identified children in need of extra support for emotional, health-related or developmental concerns and conceived
improvement strategies

‘© Taught children foundational skills

* Collaborated with parents to develop and maintain strong support networks and build rapport to foster seamless
communication.

+ Controlled classroom environments with clearly outlined rules and positive reinforcement techniques

‘© Organized and led activities to promote physical, mental and social development.

* Created and implemented developmentally appropriate curriculum addressing all learning styles.

‘= Set guidelines for teacher performance, lesson planning and compliance with established procedures.

‘ Distributed quarterly progress assessments and milestone reports to parents

‘© Updated files for individual children and teachers for recordkeeping

«Increased academic performance by diversifying teaching techniques.

‘* Established open and loving environment where children could express desires and focus on learning.

‘* Promoted good behaviors by using positive reinforcement methods with children.

Epucation Np TRAINING

 

2011 MSE: Special Education
Grand Canyon University

2007 Completed Special Education Teacher Certification Program
Old Dominion University

 

2000 Bachelor of Science Degree: Psychology
Norfolk State University - Norfolk, VA

Activiries AND Honors