Agriculture Worker Phone: (125) 456 78.99

Ema: nlocquilrestae.com
Website: uunw.qwikrestamec

ROBERT SMITH Linkedin: linkeda.com/qwikrestme
‘Address: 1797 Marshville Read,

Alabama

Objective

Hant-working and dedicaled individual looking to improve and ulilize personal intellect and
professional experience to cantrbute to the argantation's noble goals and simultaneously provide
‘Sxcellent service and opportunities for company development and personal growth.

Skills

(Customer Service, Critical Thinker, Mulli-Task Management, Bnengetic And Onjanized.

Work Experience

Agriculture Worker
‘ABC Corporation - January 2008 - Fetimaary 2010

Plant strawberry plants, mave waler pipelines, remove weeds and old strawberries,
‘Thinned apple tires Picked cherries Tied tree branches Manual labor which corststs af § to 10
of labor a day,

Agriculture. shorting erops, leding livestock, packing products for resale sorting eraps,
fertilang, spraying harvest,

Manually plant. cullivate, and harvest grapes and lle crop.

Use hand tools, suchas shovels, trowels, hoes, tampers, pruning hooks, shears, and knives.
Duties included ulin soll and applying fertilizers: transplanting, weeding, thinning, oF
pruning erops: applying pesticides: cleaning, packing.

+ Eonstnicted irllies, repair fences and farm buildings, and participate in erigation activities,

Agriculture Worker

Delta Corporation -2002- 2008

Plant strawberry plants, mave water pipelines, remave weeds and ald strawberstes,

+ Thinned apple irees Picked cherries Ted tree branches Manual labor whieh consists of 8 to 10
of labor a day,

+ Ageicullure. shorting crops, feeding livesioek, packing products for resale Sorting crops,
{ertilang, spraying harvest
Manially plant, cullivate, and harvest grapes and fleld crops.
Use hand fools, such as shovels, trowele, hoes, lampers, pruning hooks, shears; and knives.
Duties included ting soll and applying fertilizers; transplanting, weeding, Uhining, oF
pruning crops: applying pesticides: cleaning. packing
Constricted trellises, repair ences and lam buildings, and participate tn irigation activities

Education

Diploma - 2005(ing. Eduanto chavez - Valle Hermaso, Tamps.)

(Tis Pree Resume Template bse opie of Qatkretmesom. Uhage Guanes