JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

‘Meticulous Deputy Sheriff with proven history of contributing to court safety and proceedings. Well-versed in contributing to civil processes,
court documentation and subpoena delivery. Detail-oriented with great conflict resolution skills and extensive street related and life related
knowledge knowledge.

Self-assured Deputy Sheriff with excellent eye for detail and more than eight years of experience. Effective leader promoting knowledge and
people handling skills. Great multitasker with approachable and personable attitude.

Dependable Deputy Sheriff with eight years of experience. Well-equipped to conduct witness interviews and communicate effectively with
public. Skilled in criminal investigation practices for gathering evidence and cross-departmental collaboration

Focused law enforcement professional bringing demonstrated success in monitoring public safety through patrol details and during
community events. Aiming to fulfill a role in which integrity and resourcefulness will be aptly utilized to solve crimes and provide continuous
safety. Resourceful Police Officer focused on maintaining order and public safety, responding to emergencies, protecting people and property
and promoting positive community relations. Skilled at looking for unusual and suspicious activities and persons and responding to calls for
service. Adept at interrogating and communicating with victims, witnesses and suspects while providing scene security and protection for
emergency services personnel. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude.
‘Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 

T became a single full time father after first divorcing and then fighting for physical and legal custody of my two sons which is my greatest of
all accomplishments. Then going through college for my first degree associates of applied science in criminal justice all while accomplishing
the roles of a single parent, which is very rare in life and more in our line of work in law enforcement, after completing the police academy
shortly after working for the Georgia Dept of Corrections.

 

Sxmts
+ Community Relations + Emergency Response
* Public Safety « First Aid
* Crime Scene Photographs * Problem Solving
«Summons and Subpoena Serving « Safety and Risk Assessments
* Verbal and Written Communication « Interrogation Techniques
* Court Testimony * Public Service
* Service-Orientation + Community-Oriented Policing
+ Accident Investigations * Public Relations
* Criminal Investigations « bilingual interpreter (english-spanish)
+ Foot Patrolling * public notary
* Maintaining Order * automatic & manual vehicle operator
+ Protecting People and Property + farm machinery operator
© Critical Thinking * bobcat & forklifts operator
Worx History

 

09/2019 to Current Deputy Sheriff
Albany-Dougherty County, Georgia — Albany, NY
+ Patrolled designated areas in patrol vehicle and on foot to identify security and safety issues.
Investigated incidents and crimes, collected evidence and recorded witness statements.
Gathered information and evidence to assist in solving crimes.
Provided public safety assistance at community events to maintain safe and secure environments.
«Interviewed criminal targets and witnesses to uncover facts for verification and authentication.
‘© Maintained structure and security during court proceedings.
‘* Monitored crowded public areas and events to mitigate sisk and promote safety.
‘* Maintained employees’ job performances in conformance with corporate policies and procedures.
«Filled in for absent patrol road deputies to maintain continuous leadership structure and support team members
* Oversaw security for Medea Movie or Scenes being recorded in Summer 2020 by monitoring grounds and
patrolling on foot

05/2014 to 01/2019 Correctional Officer IT

State Of North Carolina — Williamston, NC

+ Escorted inmates to and from cells, court, hospitals and medical appointments.

Conducted routine and emergency head counts.
Prepared, processed and maintained forms, reports, logs, records and activity journals,
Observed and supervised inmates throughout visits, meal time, recreation, phone calls and showers
Tracked inmates through head counts, visitor logs and scheduled activities.
Observed behavior of residents individually and in groups.
Inspected work sites and crew trucks for contraband, cleanliness and safety.
Received and accounted for personal possessions and determined inmate work assignments.
Identified facility openings and designated inmates to housing units.
Identified needed updates to correctional plans and assigned inmates to appropriate housing.

01/2012 to 06/2014 Heavy Machinery Operator
Heimbuch Potatoes LLC — City. STATE

+ Completed diligent equipment inspections, repairs and maintenance actions to prolong life of each piece of
machinery

‘* Kept machinery in proper working order by repairing and replacing malfunctioning parts

« Adhered to heavy equipment safety and operation protocols, resulting in minimal complaints or incidents.

‘© Operated range of heavy equipment on regular basis with advanced skill.

‘* Operated machining equipment safely with team of operators.

‘© Met project demands consistently through careful and consistent operation of heavy equipment.

‘* Trained in diverse pieces of equipment and useful attachments to handle team needs.

+ Strictly adhered to company safety procedures, noticeably decreasing job site accidents.

‘* Moved equipment between job locations using truck and trailer.

‘© Maintained fueled and fully operational equipment to jump on project requirements and keep teams on tight
schedules.

‘* Maximized equipment and personnel protection by identifying and avoiding hazards such as utility lines.

+ Placed tools and job site machinery in locked areas and secured location at end of each shift

‘* Loaded and moved materials such as dirt and rocks based on specific job needs.

* Avoided hazards such as hanging or buried utility lines when operating equipment.

05/2010 to 08/2010 Agricultural Field Worker
G&R Farms — City, STATE
‘© Weeded vegetable and herb gardens to provide healthy environment for plant growth.
© Operated tractors, tractor-drawn machinery and self-propelled machinery to plow, harrow and fertilize soil.
‘* Applied organic growing practices to plant variety of heirloom herbs, vegetables and fruits
‘© Used machetes and pruning shears to shear tree tops and limb tips, increasing limb health and improving overall
shape.
+ Pulled orders quickly to maintain demanding productivity goals.
‘* Evaluate harvesting conditions and identify obstacles

 

Epucation
10/2022 Associate of Applied Science: Criminal Justice
Savannah Technical College - Savannah, GA
05/2013 High School Diploma
Long County High School - Ludowici, GA.
(CERTIFICATIONS

 

« CER - Certified First Responder
© First Aid/CPR Certified

ApprTIonaL INFORMATION

 

Iam very self motivated, polite, humble but always on point with my surroundings whether at work or at home always alert. Iam a family
man, only son and only brother. I treat as Id want to be treated, kind of difficult to put everything i am into paragraphs but overall am a God
fearing person.

 

Lancuaces
English Spanish:
Negotiated: Negotiated:
German:

Negotiated: