Robert Smith
Corporate Pilot
Phone (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Seasoned professional looking to grow and succeed in a dynamic environment. A proven track record of exceeding departmental goals while initiating operational enhancements to improve quality and reduce costs.
SKILLS
Detail-Oriented, Organized, Communication, Multilingual, Team Player.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Corporate Pilot
ABC Corporation - September 2003 September 2003
• Acts as a pilot in command (PIC) of flights for which the pilot has been assigned.
• Supervises all contract flight crew members with adherence to company GOM/SOP and fully supports and participates in the companys SMS, ASAP, and associated programs, including department meetings.
Supports company personnel policies in all areas and follows company staffing standards and training recommendations.
• Provides excellent customer service to passengers.
.
Complies with schedules, and other directives governing the aircrafts operation.
• Ensures that preflight and post-flight inspections are performed and utilizes checklists for all phases of flight.
Studies weather conditions at destination, en route, alternate airports, and departure points.
Corporate Pilot
Delta Corporation-2002-2003)
• Acts as a pilot in command (PIC) of flights for which the pilot has been assigned. Supervises all contract flight crew members with adherence to company GOM/SOP and fully
"
.
supports and participates in the companys SMS, ASAP, and associated programs, including department meetings.
Supports company personnel policies in all areas and follows company staffing standards and training recommendations..
. Provides excellent customer service to passengers.
Complies with schedules, and other directives governing the aircrafts operation.
Ensures that preflight and post-flight inspections are performed and utilizes checklists for all phases of flight.
Studies weather conditions at destination, en route, alternate airports, and departure points.
EDUCATION
Certificate in Aviation Safety &amp; Security - (University of Southem California-Los Angeles, CA)
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines