Resumagie.com Sample Resume: Business Analyst

Jennifer Jobseeker
5256im Steet *, Anyown, ST 0000) = 123450-7890 + jonnter@emaicom

Summary of Qualifications

Business Analyst / Project Manager with exceptional record of doivering cost effective, high
performance technology soliions f moet chalanging business demands. Extensive quaifeatons inal
{acals of information systems methodology from conceptual design through documentation,
Implomentation, use traning, ually review, and enhancement. Worked extensively wih Fortune 1000
companes.

Professional Experience

Principal Information Systems Consultant, NAME OF COMPANY, CITY,ST 11199-09n2

Worked with Fortune 1000 cients as Technical Liaison managing relationships with numerous business
‘and technical clans during strategy and planning phases fr tis management and technology consulting
frm, Analyzed comorata business processes W develop customized souilons, and reduce cots,
Improve performance wihina gwven budget. Led planing mostings, JAD sessions, analysis
development, test inspections, and other project mestings thoughout product fe ecto. Conduciad
Intorvows and developed business cases b imploment process changes, develop vaining materials, and
Instructed cients on naw processes and procedures. Major accomplshments:

+ Promoted to group lead directing ful-tine employees at cent sit fr ably to identify, develop, and
‘manage ove’ 8,000 technciogical requirements thvaugh a mult-yoar project Ife cyce.

+ Played key role in dasign and execution of 60-day mplementaten modal to capture design and
development requirements in an erative development ife cycle that reduced lead. tine By over 50%.

+ Played key role incall cantar tum around project resulting in reducing calor waiting im, improving
call response timas and increasing fst cal resolution by 42%

+ Led strategic planning initiative to secure proposed budget fr the consolidation of nine cll centers
by identifying CRM and process improvement opportunites.

+ Recipientof Employes of the Year award as wll as multiple technical excelanca awards

Project Lead, NAME OF COMPANY, CITY, ST 0598-1199

|dentiflod new business development opportunites for this managomont and technology consulting fem;
‘analyzed business procaseas © ilently areas of reducing operating casts and impraving efiiences
‘recommended and implementad new technoogy salutons: and tained cients how to uliize new
technology to reach their business goals. Modeled new business processes and customized solutions to
accommodate budget and buildin scalabilty. Recommended and implomented web devaiopmert
‘management and markeling solutions from conception through delivery. Major accamplishmants:

+ Designed and implemented a fully automated sales and proposal goneraton process that inked
‘supply, pricing and accountng systems reducing proposal generation time by 75% and improving
‘alae 800%,

‘Added value t the business by tuning a"Paper and Pan’ organization into a completely automatad
‘ocruting office by frmaizing all business processes ilo an tegrated database.

+ Developed markating strategies fora real esate broker and an agent by formalieng heir bsiness
processasand enhanced thei public presence by ecammanding and implementing afecive web
‘solutions