Sap Business Objects Developer Phone: 12) 436.76 99

ROBERT SMITH tier
Address 1727 Marble Road,

Objective

(Over 7+ Years of experience in decision support systems Using Business Intelligence tools SAP
BC) 4.0/3.1 / XI R3 XI R2. Experience in gathering requirements from the business users and
prioritizing those requirements, which have the highest business impact in terms of analysis and
‘decision-making. Worked with Business users to analyze the business process and made
necessary changes ta the schema objects,

Skills

 

Project Management, Business Objects 5.1, 6.5. 8OXI R2, BOX! R3, Oracle 10g, SQL Server, DB2,
Cognos 20, Ok.

Work Experience

Sap Business Objects Developer
Macys - july 2024 - 2020
Worked on several development projects that includes ertical Universes and reports for
various user populations.
Interacted with Business users and owners to knaw thelr day to day Business views reflecting
ther in the Universes and Reports,
Created the Universes for different user populations such as BARS, Business Resource Center,
Glaimracts and Consolidated Group Renewal System,
Created canned and ad-hoc reports meeting user requirements ever the top of Universes and
freehand sql queries.
Made modifications to existing Universes as part of the support.
Created, maintained and modified the business reports using the Business Objects Reporting
Module.
Created users, Groups, Folders and assigned privileges for various access levels i.e Viewer,
Power Users and Desk! Users,

Sap Business Objects Developer
Delta Comoration - 2012-2014
kaiser CSBIO Project provides Business Intelligence solutions to Kaiser forall FOC and
California Regions,
+ We develop solutions for BI reporting using SAP Business Objects.
+ Involved in requirement gathering &arnp; status meetings with client
* Developed ausiness Objects (XI R2) Universes in Sq) Server 2005/CA Service Desk
environment Wrote SOL Queries to create SOL Views to provide
Involved In the below activities 2) Creating a security model and proposing to the client
Validating three layered security architecture(Location, abject, application level) 3) Eclting
Universe for applying class level filter, managed
This Is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant ta your cuurent role,

© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
‘Guidelines