fe) Sarah West

NETWORK ENGINEER

Profile

Network Engineer bringing 8 years of experience in network design, network
administration, escalation support, and systems administration. Adept in delivering
technical support, managing network operations, and maintaining enterprise-wide area
networks across multi-platforms and high uptime Data Center environments.

Employment History
Senior Network Engineer, Standard Bank, Arkalyk

Responsible for optimizing network performance and increased reliability by maintaining
hardware and software, analyzing technical issues, and ensuring system users'
availability for a 1500 user facility.

* Managed the development, installation, and management of
organization-wide local area network, network segment, wide area network,
and internet system.

Delivered Tier 1 network ticketing support to resolve all issues for 550+ users
Executed the maintenance window changes for multiple locations, performing
troubleshooting of routing, and switching issues.

Implemented and migrated a major client to VPLS circuits, which resulted in
robust and seamless connectivity between two different carriers.

Inherited an MPLS project that was off-track; liaised with the parent company
to deliver a solution with increased availability, security, and visibility ahead of
the project schedule.

Network Engineer, Wells Fargo, Knoxville

Responsible for Upgrading Windows NT/2000 and Novell NetWare 5.1 environments
and installing configuring, and maintaining Cisco routing and switching equipment in a
1500 user environment.

« Ensured smooth end-to-end communication by delivering support for Video
Conferencing System (Cisco VCS/TMS).

Designed, configured, and installed all Data Center Network Devices to
support 1500+ users, including ran cables, routers, ports,

Successfully resolved routing issues within multiple contexts of the Cisco ASA
firewall.

Maintained BIG IP F5 APM VPN and provided solutions for complex issues.
Operational tasks included solving VPN, switching, Bluecoat proxy, and
routing issues.

Education

Master of Science in Computer Engineering, University of Florida,
Jacksonville Beach

Bachelor of Science (MS), Electrical Engineering (Computer Networks),
niversity of Southern California, Los Angeles

Wed

BES ERollr cd

ee oe te Be
eo Bien
3056478349
Pelle Reel)

UP}

Skills

eae MICS an Za iE

Network Address Translation
Oy Ng)

Neo Soc Pea \ee)
Marl

Le

Rock Climbing, Music, Drama

Languages

i

Sa