JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Summary

 

Learning Specialist - Partner with leadership and subject matter experts to design and develop instructor-led and eLeaming content. Manage
instructional design life cycle for large-scale, online professional development projects in government and non-profit institutions. Extensive
experience managing projects with instructional design teams using the ADDIE instructional design model. Expert knowledge and application
of adult learning principles. High-level consultancy skills and intercultural competence complement leading and working with diverse
constituencies as both intemal and external consultant.

EXPERIENCE

 

01/2018 to Current INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER
Forrester Research, Inc. — Nashville, TN

‘ Align course design to digital learning strategy.

‘* Lead eLeaming instructional design projects working with SMEs using three platforms: Blackboard, Canvas &
Moodle.

‘© Design digital learning blueprints for quality, accessibility, and consistency using Backward Design and UDL
principles.

‘+ Manage project timelines, schedules, and checklists

‘* Manage media production with internal and external teams.

* Ensure WCAG 2.1 AA accessibility compliance.

© Develop interactive eLearning using CourseArc and Captivate

‘* Develop content style guides and course instructor guides

‘* Evaluate course design and effectiveness

01/2016 to 01/2018 INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER (Consultant)
Christiana Care Health System — Newark, DE
‘ Partnered with leadership to ensure course design aligns with strategic aims for content migration from classroom
to eLearning
+ Aligned course objectives, assessments, and instructional strategies using Backward Design.
‘* Developed interactive content using CourseArc and Adobe Photoshop
‘* Managed media production: instructional videos, graphics & animation, audio/video transcripts, and contributed to
voiceover production
# Designed for accessibility using Universal Design.
© Onboarded faculty to the eLearning course development process.
‘* Developed online facilitator readiness training.
‘* Developed online program evaluations incorporating the Kirkpatrick Model®.
‘© Oversaw project timelines, schedules, checklists, and storyboards.
‘* Evaluated progress toward important milestones at every phase of project.

12/2011 to 12/2015 ONLINE FACILITATOR
The Chicago School Of Professional Psychology — Los Angeles, CA
‘+ Facilitated online professional writing and intercultural competence training for foreign nationals employed in
various U.S. Department of Defense programs.

12/2012 to 06/2014 PROGRAM MANAGER
University Of Dayton — City, STATE
+ Conducted needs analysis to identify instructional performance gaps and improve program effectiveness.
* Developed 4-level proficiency-based curriculum
* Recruited, onboarded, and mentored 12 direct reports.
‘* Designed, developed, and implemented end-of-course evaluations.
‘* Created and implemented faculty “brown bag” professional development workshops.
«* Revised staff handbook and policies and procedures manuals.

12/2009 to 12/2012. PROGRAM MANAGER Professional Training Programs
UMBC - City, STATE
Managed grant-funded U.S. Department of State (DOS) hybrid professional development program train-the-trainer
program.
‘= Aligned course design, development, and implementation to grant specifications
‘ Liaised with DOS program officers in D.C. and U.S. Embassy Officers worldwide.
Partnered with UMBC program director, technology coordinator, instructional technologist, online instructors, and
online instructional assistants on program logistics and delivery.
‘© Designed and facilitated the 10-week training course: Methods: Survey of Best Practices
‘ Recruited, trained, and contracted online course instructors and online teaching assistants.
‘© Developed and distributed online training evaluations to global stakeholders
‘* Managed $500,000 grant budget for the 3-week campus hybrid training program for participants from across the
globe.

   

08/2002 to 12/2009 ADJUNCT FACULTY
UMBC - City, STATE
Developed and facilitated English language training for seven language proficiency levels and two diverse program
tracks:
«Intensive English Program
+ Professional Development Program (Sponsored by U.S. Department of State)

Epucation

 

12/2021 Master of Arts: Learning Performance & Technology
UMBC - Baltimore, Maryland

Instructional Systems Development, Post Graduate Certificate
‘UMBC - Baltimore, Maryland

‘Master of Arts: Teaching
‘Notre Dame of Maryland University - Baltimore, Maryland

Bachelor of Arts: Liberal Arts
‘Notre Dame of Maryland University - Baltimore, Maryland

(CERTIFICATIONS

 

* Instructional Systems Development, UMBC Graduate Certificate

* Project Management for Instructional Designers, Online Learning Consortium (OLC)
* Quality Matters: Applying the QM Rubric (APPQMR)

* Quality Matters: Evaluating Your Course Design (EYCD)

PROFEssIONAL ASSOCIATION MEMBERSHIPS

 

* Quality Matters, (QM)

* Online Learning Consortium, (OLC)

‘* Association for Talent Development, (ATD)
‘Intemational Society for Performance Improvement (ISPI)

TRAINING WORKSHOP FACILITATION (most RECENT)

‘+ How Two Institutions use Quality Matters and CourseArc for Course Design. Webinar Presenter. February 2020.

+ Agile Management Overbooked: Prioritization in the Age of Agility. Co-creator. Maryland State Libraries. Leadership Development
‘Workshop Series. Maryland. December 2019.

‘+ Leaming as a Leadership Competency to Enable an Agile 21st Century Workforce. Co-presenter. ISPI Potomac Chapter Professional
Development, World Learning, Washington D.C. May 2019.

+ Leamer Readiness for Future Leaders and Leamers. Co-presenter. ISP/EMEA Leadership Professional Development Conference:
Exploring the Future of Organizational Performance. Gothenburg, Sweden. September 2018.

* Using Effective Language for Compliance Reporting. Co-presenter. DC METRO Professional development workshop. Landover,
Maryland. December 2017

* CourseAre for Content Creation. Co-presenter. Baltimore County School System headquarters. Towson, Maryland. July 2017.

COMPETENCIES

 

Instructional Design

Learning Management Systems

© Content Authoring Tools © Quality Assurance
* Project Management * Training Evaluation
+ Leaming Technology Tools * Voiceover

Multimedia Production