Summary

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

 

Thave been employed with the same company for over ten years. In that 10 years span Thave worked my way from the very bottom to the
highest position. Ihave had experience in every aspect of the company including: Commercial Sales, Dispatch, Accounts Payable and
Receivable, Human Resources, Service Management, Executive Director tasks. Unfortunately There is no more room for advancement and I

am looking for a change
set my mind to. Iwould

Semis

of pace. Iam extremely reliable, Timely and sharp. Ihave the upmost confidence that I can accomplish any thing I
love an opportunity to prove myself.

 

« Personnel information systems

* Staff compensation

+ Employee engagement

« Employee relations
« Staffing and recruit

Benefits programs

« Human resources operations
Recruitment and hiring
Organizational skills
Friendly, positive attitude

ing professional

* Leadership development * Time management

« Employee handbook development

Multitasking

« Payroll administration

EXPERIENCE

 

01/2014 to Current Human Resources Manager
Proampac— Mobile, AL

+ Advised leadership on HR-related issues, including vacation and sick time, benefits, job services and employment
discrepancies.

‘© Managed full-cycle human resource operational activities to maximize HR employee performance.

‘* Developed hiring and recruitment policies to drive transparent and fair hiring process for selecting candidates on
basis of merit and relevance with job.

‘© Supported top talent identification processes by interviewing candidates and executing onboarding, orientation and
benefits processes.

* Provided HR consultation services to leadership and department heads, such as payroll administration, 401K and
OSHA compliance, benefits and workers compensation.

‘Initiated employee evaluation process and recommended policy changes to help staff progress toward desired
readiness goals.

‘© Held exit interviews and documented information discussed with employees.

‘+ Formulated corrective action plan through analysis of management feedback and consultation with employee.

‘* Achieved desired work environment and performance by proactively advising and guiding employees on best
practices and overseeing HR training

‘© Supervised and guided personnel to eliminate downtime and boost productivity.

‘© Decreased workers’ compensation claims by working closely with employees to promote safety

01/2012 to 01/2014 Account Manager

w

01/2011 to 01/2012 Di

/alt Disney Co. — Charlotte, NC

‘# Sent copies of invoices and statements to customers to facilitate payment of outstanding invoices.

+ Processed posting and reconciling payments and addressing aged receivables.

‘* Researched customer billing issues and resolved problems to facilitate receipt of overdue monies and promote good
customer relationships

‘© Reached out to vendors and customers in order to resolve account problems

‘© Generated monthly statements for accounts receivable operations.

* Cleared account balances by examining customer payments, payment history and coordinating contact with
collections,

* Coded invoices and other records to maintain organized and accurate records.

‘= Processed monthly payments, researched payment discrepancies and prepared monthly reports

‘* Entered, posted and scanned accounts receivable documents into accounting software.

* Reconciled accounts receivable and prepared income summary reports and cash reports.

‘* Examined customer payment history and coordinated collections arrangements.

* Calculated unpaid invoices to maintain updated receivables reports.

* Updated receivables by totaling unpaid invoices.

«Initiated and recorded accounts receivables to update accounting database and facilitate receipt of customer
payments.

‘+ Prepared appropriate documentation for income summaries, cash reports and accounts receivable reconciliation.

+ Facilitated timely year-end audits by working closing with agency auditors to provide requested samples

‘Increased productivity and reduced expenses by implementing improved accounting procedures

‘* Generated, mailed and monitored invoices.

‘* Performed various accounts receivable functions, including cash receipts posting, updating cash flow reports and
researching chargebacks and write-off

‘* Evaluated open accounts to look for past-due balances and pursue collection strategies.

‘© Updated customer accounts and processed payments.

+ Verified, classified, computed, posted and recorded accounts payable data and reconciled daily totals to confirm
proper accounting.

«Investigated billing discrepancies and implemented effective solutions to resolve concerns and prevent future
problems.

‘* Answered customer invoice questions and resolved issues discovered during invoicing and collection process

‘© Worked closely with delinquent account holders to collect and reconcile accounts through approved channels.

‘ Kept accounts receivable tracking database current with relevant client information, collection an¢ billing progress
and program changes.

‘* Prepared and maintained customers’ monthly reconciliation schedules

‘* Interfaced with customers to bring accounts current with suitable repayment plans

+ Performed administrative tasks to support strategic initiatives

‘* Contacted customers via email and phone to determine when past due invoices would be paid.

‘* Improved billing and month-end reporting processes.

‘© Handled wide range of special inquiries and certificates from customers, partners and government agencies.

ispatcher Office Assistant

Preferred Plumbing & Drain — City, STATE

‘* Monitored dispatch board and adjusted call priorities regularly based on caller needs.

‘© Tracked changes in computer system to keep records current and accurate.

« Kept detailed and updated records of calls in physical and electronic databases.

‘+ Managed daily delivery and work schedules to maximize coverage.

Reviewed routes, daily traffic and weather conditions to adjust plans, meeting daily requirements and service
needs.

‘© Answered customer requests with information about product availability, shipping information and status updates.

‘© Supervised driver dispatching, route planning and vehicle tracking for over 25 Service technicians.

* Communicated with individuals within inbound call center setting to complete dispatch support for Plumbing calls.

‘* Accurately and efficiently responded to over 30+ daily requests

+ Coordinated order processing, pick sheet running and invoice printing, as well as shift shipping logs and paperwork
submissions

‘* Reported delays, accidents or other traffic and transportation situations.

‘© Oversaw investigation and resolution of customer and vendor issues.

‘© Trained over 15 employees on accurate triaging and dispatching procedures while personally handling 30 daily
calls

* Quickly determined locations and needs for high volume of hourly callers to accurately send Service Techneians
for assistance.

‘* Devised and implemented work plans for subordinate employees to check quality and consistency of work against
organizational standards.

‘* Alerted Service of road and weather hazards in real time to accomplish 180 days without driver accidents

‘© Maintained positive working relationship with fellow staff and management.

‘* Assisted organizational efforts by filing, entering data and answering phones.

‘* Communicated with customers regarding our processes to maintain satisfaction.

‘+ Managed provider calendars by adding new appointments and rebooking patients to accommodate last-minute
schedule changes

‘© Worked with vendors to obtain quotes, negotiate contracts and handle 2 shipments per week

«Strengthened traceability, developing organization systems for contracts, records, reports and agendas.

‘© Updated business forms to streamline processing and improve efficiency.

‘© Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes to streamline operational planning.

* Contributed to production success by accurately coordinating records, supplies and paperwork

‘© Supported 25 representatives by processing average of 30 new bookings each day.

Epucation Np TRAINING

02/2010 Associate of Ap]

 

 

ied Science: Medical Assisting

Heald College - Salida, CA

06/2009 High School Diploma
Central Valley High School - Ceres, CA