JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Detail-oriented Accountant with 20 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for financial organizations. History
working as part of a financial team to manage diverse financial functions, tax filings and regulatory compliance. Detail oriented with
extensive knowledge of cash and record maintenance and comprehensive account reconciliations

 

Sxmts
«# Intuit QuickBooks specialist * MS Office Suite
Tax Accounting Specialization * Partnership accounting
« Tax Law Understanding * Administrative support
«Superior attention to detail * Account Reconciliation
* Bookkeeping * Business Knowledge
Worx History

05/2021 to Current

03/2014 to 12/2017

12/2011 to 05/2012

12/2004 to 05/2010

Epucation

 

Accountant

Bancfirst Corporation — Stroud, OK

Gathered financial information, prepared documents and closed books

Created budgets and forecasts for management group to meet regular accounting deadlines.

Conducted technical and analytical reviews of tax returns to check for accuracy and qualified deductions

‘ Set up and improved accounting systems and processes to meet business needs and maximize operational success.
* Reconciled accounts and reviewed expense data, net worth and assets

‘* Researched technical tax issues to define tax effect or impact of certain tax positions.

‘* Maintained up-to-date knowledge on professional accounting standards to manage financial recordkeeping.
* Offered advice and direction to help clients better understand financial goals.

‘* Prepared and filed tax forms to meet needs of customers.

‘+ Handled day-to-day accounting processes to drive financial accuracy.

‘* Gathered data on taxable income, deductibles and allowances for tax preparation,

Accounting Manager
Alumni Venture Funds — Manchester, NH
‘* Managed banking reconciliations and monthly balance sheet statements
‘ Bolstered revenues by creating codes for accounting tasks, cost estimation and revenue generation.
+ Performed banking, business administration and financial tasks to guarantee five-star service for clients.
‘* Reduced liabilities by accurately managing tax statements, mailings, journal entries, payments and transfers.
‘+ Managed journal entries, collection efforts, reconciliations and payroll processing

Tax Professional
H&R Block — Fresno, CA.
* Completed and filed returns with tax departments at local, state and federal levels.
«* Prepared tax returns for clients in various industries according to government regulations and requirements.
‘© Maintained complete records of client tax returns and supporting documentation in secured areas
* Reviewed available data and compared against tax code to determine exemptions, deductions and potential
liabilities.
‘* Provided information about available products and services to clients, resulting in increased business opportunities.
«* Facilitated communication between clients and tax authorities
+ Facilitated integration of modem tax software with client accounting software.
‘* Prepared written responses or tax return amendments to resolve state and federal notices.
‘* Reviewed clients tax filing papers thoroughly to determine eligibility for additional tax credits or deductions.
« Prepared tax returns, extensions, tax planning calculations and write-ups for organizations and entities.

Senior Tax Advisor
Dte Energy — Gaylord, MI
‘= Delivered comprehensive tax documentation required for accurate individual and corporate returns
‘* Consulted with clients to assess and mitigate future tax liabilities and determine eligibility for tax abatement.
+ Facilitated communication between clients and tax authorities
+ Contacted IRS or other relevant government organizations on behalf of client to address issues related to tax self-
preparation.
* Reviewed available data and compared against tax code to determine exemptions, deductions and potential
liabilities.
+ Prepared tax returns, extensions, tax planning calculations and write-ups for organizations and entities.
* Reviewed clients tax filing papers thoroughly to determine eligibility for additional tax credits or deductions.
«Interviewed clients to collect information and gather necessary paperwork prior to preparing tax returns.
* Completed and filed returns with tax departments at local, state and federal levels.
‘* Prepared written responses or tax return amendments to resolve state and federal notices.
‘* Provided information about available products and services to clients, resulting in increased business opportunities.
«* Prepared tax returns for clients in various industries according to government regulations and requirements.
‘© Maintained complete records of client tax returns and supporting documentation in secured areas

 

02/2021

08/2015

04/2002

Bachelor of Science: Accounting
Indian River State College - Ft. Pierce, FL

Associate of Arts: Accounting
Indian River State College - Ft. Pierce, FL

Associate of Applied Science: Accounting And Business Management
Berkeley College - New York, NY