JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Experienced manager with excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with

technology, executive, and business audiences.

 

HIGHLIGHTS
© Process improvement * Results-oriented
* Project development and lifecycle © Relationship building
* Work flow planning Systems implementation

© Productivity improvement

 

EXPERIENCE

Policy and Management Analyst, 2014
United States Marine Corps City, STATE

* Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events - Identifying information by categorizing, estimating, recognizing differences or similarities, and
detecting changes in circumstances or events.

* Performing for or Working Directly with the Public - Performing for people or dealing directly with the public.

* This includes serving customers in restaurants and stores, and receiving clients or guests.

* Monitor Processes, Materials, or Surroundings - Monitoring and reviewing information from materials, events, or the environment, to
detect or assess problems

‘* Monitoring and Controlling Resources - Monitoring and controlling resources and overseeing the spending of money.

+ Analyzing Data or Information - Identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or
data into separate parts.

* Thinking Creatively - Developing, designing, or creating new applications, ideas, relationships, systems, or products, including artistic
contributions.

‘* Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge - Keeping up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job.

* Developing and Building Teams - Encouraging and building mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members.

* Detailed Work Activities All 14 displayed Direct facility maintenance or repair activities.

‘* Analyze data to inform operational decisions or activities.

* Develop organizational goals or objectives.

‘* Manage construction activities

* Direct administrative or support services

* Prepare operational budgets.

* Conduct employee training programs

* Hire personnel.

* Prepare operational progress or status reports.

‘* Manage inventories of products or organizational resources.

+ Monitor facilities or operational systems.

+ Recommend organizational process or policy changes.

* Purchase materials, equipment, or other resources.

* Plan facility layouts or designs.

+ Work Context All 22 displayed Telephone - 98% responded "Every day." Face-to-Face Discussions - 96% responded "Every day."
Electronic Mail - 92% responded "Every day." Contact With Others - 67% responded "Constant contact with others.” Structured versus
Unstructured Work - 66% responded "A lot of freedom.” Freedom to Make Decisions - 58% responded "A lot of freedom." Indoors,
Environmentally Controlled - 85% responded "Every day." Letters and Memos - 47% responded "Once a week or more but not every day."
‘Work With Work Group or Team - 56% responded "Extremely important.” Frequency of Decision Making - 46% responded "Every day."
Impact of Decisions on Co-workers or Company Results - 37% responded "Very important results." Importance of Being Exact or Accurate
- 42% responded "Very important." Time Pressure - 41% responded "Once a week or more but not every day.” Spend Time Sitting - 52%
responded "More than half the time.” Deal With Extemal Customers - 42% responded "Very important." Coordinate or Lead Others - 37%
responded "Extremely important." Importance of Repeating Same Tasks - 35% responded "Extremely important." Duration of Typical
‘Work Week - 46% responded "More than 40 hours." Responsibility for Outcomes and Results - 47% responded "High responsibility.”
Frequency of Conflict Situations - 43% responded "Once a month or more but not every week.” Deal With Unpleasant or Angry People -
34% responded "Once a month or more but not every week." Responsible for Others’ Health and Safety - 35% responded "Very high

responsibility.”

 

EXPERIENCE

Recommended process and systems improvements such as [Improvement description]
Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks Documentation

* Wrote and edited documents to keep staff informed on policies and procedures.
Process Improvement

* Created new departmental procedures manual.

«Assessed organizational training needs.
Project Management

* Worked directly with [departments, clients, management] to [decisive action]
Supervised and managed the administration of property records totaling more than $[Amount] Developed organizational change management
strategies Implemented user acceptance testing with a focus on documenting defects and executing test cases Led cross-functional teams to
analyze and understand the operational impacts and opportunities of technology changes. Managed testing cycles, including test plan creation,
development of scripts and co-ordination of user acceptance testing Supervised the work of [Number] team members, offering constructive

feedback on their work performance.

 

 

CHRONOLOGY
EDUCATION
MBA: Business Administration, 2015
Liberty University - Leesburg, VA
LANGUAGES

English Language - Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of

composition, and grammar.

INTERESTS

 

All 2 displayed Interest code: EC

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

* Performing Administrative Activities - Performing day-to-day administrative tasks such as maintaining information files and processing
paperwork. Making Decisions and Solving Problems - Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve
problems. Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work - Developing specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your
work. Communicating with Persons Outside Organization - Communicating with people outside the organization, representing the
organization to customers, the public, government, and other external sources. This information can be exchanged in person, in writing, or
by telephone or e-mail. Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships - Developing constructive and cooperative working
relationships with others, and maintaining them over time. Judging the Qualities of Things, Services, or People - Assessing the value,
importance, or quality of things or people. Documenting/Recording Information - Entering, transcribing, recording, storing, or maintaining

information in written or electronic/magnetic form. Processing Information - Compiling, coding, categorizing, calculating, tabulating,

 

auditing, o verifying information or data. Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others - Handling complaints, settling disputes, and
resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others. Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others - Getting members
of a group to work together to accomplish tasks. Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards - Using relevant
information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards. Scheduling
Work and Activities - Scheduling events, programs, and activities, as well as the work of others

« Interests All 2 displayed Interest code: EC Enterprising - Enterprising occupations frequently involve starting up and carrying out projects
‘These occupations can involve leading people and making many decisions. Sometimes they require risk taking and often deal with
business. Conventional - Conventional occupations frequently involve following set procedures and routines. These occupations can
include working with data and details more than with ideas. Usually there is a clear line of authority to follow. back to top Work Styles 5 of
16 displayed Integrity - Job requires being honest and ethical. Dependability - Job requires being reliable, responsible, and dependable, and
fulfilling obligations. Attention to Detail - Job requires being careful about detail and thorough in completing work tasks. Cooperation - Job
requires being pleasant with others on the job and displaying a good-natured, cooperative attitude. Independence - Job requires developing
one’s own ways of doing things, guiding oneself with little or no supervision, and depending on oneself to get things done. back to top
‘Work Values All 3 displayed Relationships - Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to provide service to others and
work with co-workers in a friendly non-competitive environment. Corresponding needs are Co-workers, Moral Values and Social Service.
Independence - Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to work on their own and make decisions. Corresponding needs
are Creativity, Responsibility and Autonomy. Recognition - Occupations that satisfy this work value offer advancement, potential for
leadership, and are often considered prestigious. Corresponding needs are Advancement, Authority, Recognition and Social Status.

 

SKILLS