Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ¢ (555) 432-1000  resumesampleGexample.com

Professional Summary

Bilingual DevOps Engineer with background designing, testing and implementing infrastructure and applications. Talented

performer with over 5+ years of experience using source control tools to identify and fix bugs in code. Consistent team player with

exemplary multitasking skills.
Skills
* Amazon Web Services * Docker containerization.
* Source and Version Control: Git, Github * Monitoring and analytics.
+ Continuous Integration servers. * CI/CD pipelines.

Deployment automation.

Work History

DevOps Engineer, 02/2019 to Current

Livongo Health, Inc. — Washington, DC

Highly motivated and committed DevOps Engineer experienced in Automating, Configuring and deploying instances on AWS and
Data centers.

Performed version control administration using CVS.

‘Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration and deployment in JBoss Application Server.

Worked with the Architects on SDLC process being the owner of post development environments.

Experience in using bug tracking systems like JIRA, Remedy, HP, and QualityCenter.

Configured JDBC Connection Pools/Multi Pools/Data Sources with backend Oracle 10g/11g RAC DB's.

Strong experience in configuring and administering Connection Pools for JDBC connections and JMS Queues in WebLogic and JBoss
EAP.

Performed Load/Functional testing using Mercury Load runner and HP QTP.

Hands on experience with using Linux, Amazon Web Services, and supporting AWS infrastructure.

Experience with orchestration template technologies such as, AWS Cloud Formation, AWS OpsWork.

Assign a built-in policy to an existing Resource Group by using ARM template.

Provision ARM template for Server managed by Desired State Configuration service.

Experience with configuration management and automation tools such as, Chef, Puppet, and Ansible.

Experience with server virtualization technology, VMWare.

DevOps Engineer, 01/2018 to 01/2019

Livongo Health, Inc. — Austin, TX

Created and maintained continuous integration (CI) using tools Jenkins/Maven over diff environments to facilitate an agile
development process which is automated and repeatable enabling teams to safely

deploy code many times a day while ensuring operational best practices are supported.

Design and document CI/CD tools configuration management.

Responsible for orchestrating CI/CD processes by responding to Git triggers, human input, and dependency chains and environment
setup.

Build and Deployment CI/CD Pipelines.

Performed SVN to GIT/Bit Bucket migration and managed branching strategies using GIT flow workflow.

‘Managed User access control, Triggers, workflows, hooks, security and repository control in Bitbucket.

Created, Configured and Administered Jenkins servers with Master-slave configurations as needed.

Experience with baseline all configurations in Dev, QA, Uat, prod.

Implementing and Configuring AppDynamics APM tool for various .Net and Java applications.

Utilized kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment for the CI/CD system to build, test, and deploy.

Deploying EC2 instances, ELBs by using Cloud Formation in AWS.

Managing S3 buckets and bucket policies.

Leveraged Docker Engine to run Multiple Tomcat Instances as Containerized AppServers.

Orchestration of Docker images and Containers using Kubernetes by creating whole master and node.

Created Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Pipelines for the build and deployment automation in place.
Performed deployment of Amazon EC2 instances in AWS environment. Performed EC2 instances provisioning on AWS environment

and implemented security groups, administered VPCs.

Devops Enginner , 01/2016 to 12/2017

Livongo Health, Inc. — Quincy, MA

Develop, manage and improve the CI / CD pipeline, tools, scripts and processes to automatically build, qualify, release and
continuous deploy “known high-quality” Big Data analytics software products

Participate in the configuration and methods of deployment in DevOps environments (prototype, development, CI and production)
and the processes and tools required to execute those deployments.

Automate the development, qualification and documentation process using scripts and other appropriate tools.

Devise and develop analytical methods and tools to measure the efficiency of products and processes.

Champion changes to tools and processes to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the analytics development team, from rapid
prototyping to production code deployment.

Work dosely with high-caliber analytics developers, data scientists, platform, QA and engineering operations team members.

As a DevOps Engineer, using Linux, Python, GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Ansible, Nagios, Docker,Kubernetes, CI/CD as tools for day-to-
day build &amp; release cycles.

Working on Linux environments and scripting experience (e.g. Shell, Python, XML)extensive experience working with continuous
integration / continuous delivery (e.g. Jenkins, Hudson), build of JARs (e.g. Maven, Nexus repository) and quality (e.g. Sonar) tools,
to configure build and maintain CI pipelines.

Using Jenkins for continuous integration / continuous delivery, configuring jobs with Maven properties and Sonar properties in
Jenkins jobs to automate the process.

‘Using Maven to build, package and compile projects in maven repository and uploading maven packages into Nexus Repository
(Deployable JARs).

Creating Jenkins freestyle jobs to automate the process from Continues integration to continues deployment.

Converting freestyle Jenkins jobs to Pipeline jobs (using Jenkins file)

working with DevOps and automation deployment &amp; configuration tools (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes).

Good understanding of OpenShift platform in managing Docker containers using Kubernetes.

‘Used Python scripts to automate the Build and deployment process.

Research and implemented new tools such as Kubernetes with Docker to assist with auto-scaling, continuous integration, rolling
updates with no downtime.

Experience with Docker image management &amp; containers as part of product build and release.

Experience on Kubernetes and docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test &amp; deploy.

Deep understanding of SCM (e.g. Git, SVN etc.), and branching and merging strategies.

Supporting for Git version control system merging, hooks, branching the files and creation of repos.

Developer Git branch using for development branch, once we completed with development work this branch going to merge into
master branch,

Experience with basic DB administration experience (PostgreSQL, Oracle) and REST.

Experience with bug/issue tracking tools (e.g. Atlassian Jira) and integration with other products such as Confluence, Git.
Experience with agile methods and ability to leverage this for fast-turnaround projects.

Experience in deploying and configuring Apache Zeppelin or other Data Science notebooks (e.g.Jupiter) for Cl environment as well
as development environment.

Supporting Apache Zeppelin implementation and integrating with Continues Integrations environment.

Creating/configuring Jenkins jobs to automate the manual process of Zeppelin CI environment for DEV and PROD environments.

DevOps Engineer, 01/2014 to 12/2015

Macronix Screening Services Pvt. Ltd. — City, STATE

Administer and Maintain Source Code Repositories including GIT and GitHub

Support concurrent development process with standard Branching and Merge of application source code,

Created and maintained several build definitions and publish profiles to handle automated builds in an Agile/SCRUM environment.
Implemented a CD pipeline involving Jenkins, Chef to complete the Automation from commit to Deployment.

Responsible for managing and maintaining the DevOps CD/CI pipeline using DevOps suite which includes Continuous Integration
of GitHub, Jenkins, JFrog Artifactory.

Configured and monitored distributed and multi-platform servers using Nagios Edit the Nagios host file to include 100+ node in the
hosts by use of chef automation Nagios as a tool to monitor the health check of nodes.

Implemented Shell and Python scripts for CD/CI pipeline and deployment of artifacts on application environments.

Responsible for onboarding applications on to DevOps suite and creating GitLab groups for development teams and setting up
access control strategies.

Automated and connected the Jenkins jobs with Sonarqube to generate and publish the unit tests.

Implemented and maintained maven builds for generating artifacts required by java and windows-based applications,

Experience in DevOps principles and methodologies using SCRUM, Agile and related rapid application development approaches.
Responsible for creating and maintaining the repositories in JFrog Actifactory to secure the generated artifacts from Jenkins.

Build scripts using MAVEN build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.

Working on Manage Chef and SAP Hybris application.

‘Written custom Chef cookbooks for handing prerequisites to set up new environment for pricing application.

Automated the process of deployment of pricing application.

Worked on Chef cookbooks to install tools like new relic and Sumo logic for both instrumentation and enabling and disabling logs.
Working on various tasks on Apache Hitps server like Enabling/Disabling Nodes, Draining Nodes, Apache Operational Commands,
Cookbook, Certificate Management etc.

Performing user management like SSH, SFTP and Jenkins access or revoke through Chef.

Designed and Developed Jenkins builds deployments,

Education

Master of Science: Computer Science, 05/2017
Kent State University - Kent, OH