JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL PROFILE

 

Seasoned Payroll Administrator with over 25 years in diverse experience with oil and gas, healthcare and manufacturing industries.
Demonstrated standard of excellence and attention to detail and diplomacy. Superior ability to multitask and prioritize workload. Served as,
‘Manager and Lead trainer for new payroll employees to ensure accuracy in processing payroll. Ability to work independently as a highly
creative and intuitive problem solver. Personable, articulate, and poised professional with strong motivational skills in support of both upper
management and support staff.

 

Quaurications
« ADP system cettification * Oracle
‘+ Automated Payroll-API Systems * LR People
+ People Soft Application + DISA
* Paychecks Payroll System + BRIS
* Sage ABRA Suite System * SAP
© One Staff Program/DCPOS ° IDE

‘Windows XP: Word & Excel, & Access

Multi-state payroll

Retevant EXPERIENCE

 

«Successfully transitioned company from one payroll system to an updated or new payroll system within two weeks.
« Simplified payroll processing procedure to increase department productivity by 85%.

* Completed payroll audits with cost savings of $200K in 401K

« Identified overpayments of $100k in benefits and between $500K to $1Million in net pay of processing payroll semi-monthly

 

EXPERIENCE

 

04/2012 to 02/2016 Human Resources & Payroll Administrator
Seagull Scientific — Minneapolis, MN

« Payroll Duties

« EXPERIENCE with ADP ENTERPRISE and ADP Workforce Now

* Completed Monthly, Bi-Weekly, Semi-Monthly, and Weekly processing of multi-state payroll for 300 employees.

+ Processed electronic child support orders thru ADP (ie. IWO, Texas OAG, and Worker's Compensation etc.)

‘* Maintained gamishments (i.e. updates, vacations and terminations, and notifications to agencies

‘ Special Projects included transactional processing for payroll including (ie Bonuses, Severance Pay, Payroll
expense checks, Manual checks & Wire Requests to fund Exception Garnishment Payments or Payroll Corrections)

‘© Maintained high level of customer service including timely responses to escalated payroll and tax issues via
Payroll Help desk if needed.

+ Completed Quarterly tax filing and reconciliation of taxes, handling of garnishments and verification of
employment.

* Generated and processed reports related to payroll, benefits enrollment and 401k Fidelity

* Completed Payroll & Vacation Reconciliations process of G/L at Month End Close

‘© Gathered all information related to all payroll audits, including worker's compensation for states, regulatory
agencies, internal audits, and external audits.

* HR Duties

* Processed New Hires, Terminations, 10 Key, HR Benefits, I-9 Processing, In ADP processed payroll for 500
employees in the United States, Brazil, Canada, UK, Switzerland, and South Africa

© Compiled an Audit report for Quality for a training module. Assisted in Audit for BOP, and ISO 9000 certification,

* Created a Training Module in Access Data Base for all training course that was either by third party or the
company guidelines

‘* Researched changes in I-9-standards

‘* Audited on 1-9 corrected issues, and worked in close collaboration with decision-makers from human resource
management.

« Steadily increased responsibility, particularly with regard to Human Resources matters, often given various
analytical projects or recommendations for programs in improve quality measures within the organization.

‘* Acted as a primary information resource, providing referrals, direction, information, and general assistance to
department on HR issues.

‘© Entered data into HRIS - (ex), name of birth, address, IDE BU code hours worked, line manager etc.

* DISA- Background & Drug & Alcohol

© Payroll Forms - Direct Deposit, Benefits, Garnishments , Tax Levies, 401K

* Conducted induction for New Hires, and Benefits Completed all new hire paperwork and information pertaining to
payroll and entered in data base

06/2006 to 04/2012 Human Resources/ Payroll Manager
KEMTRON Technologies, Inc — City, STATE

‘© ADP- Processed multi-state payroll for

+ over 500 employees in over 67 regional plants

+ Processed Child Support Gamnishments, New Hires, Department transfers; Promotions, Vacation, Terminations,

© Child Support, Tax Levy's, Benefits, W-2, W2°c and Codes exceptions pay including: jury duty requests, holiday

«differentials, issuing manual check vacation and sick leave policies and procedures to ensure Family Medical
Leave Act.

‘© Compiled report for accounting and management purposes, or supervised clerical workers preparing reports

‘* Researched changes in accounting standards and tax issues. worked in close collaboration with decision-makers
fiom

‘* human resource specialists and vendors on behalf of clients Maintained and filed employee records.

« Steadily increased responsibility,

+ particularly with regard to financial matters, often given various analytical projects or recommendations for
programs to improve quality measures within the organization,

Processed benefits through web

+ applications: Blue Cross Blue Shield; United Health Care; Spectra,

+ Boone-Chapman, Lincoln Financial and Leggett and Fidelity 401K- Enrollment, HR.

# Benefits, and -9 verification

* Reviewed all employees’ timesheets and

+ consolidated discrepancies with daily reports to reconcile hours accumulated

Executed manual procedures for

‘+ non-automated compensation processes and programs which includes in reviewed

‘* and updated the status of employment as needed to reconcile management records

+ of employment status and responsible for confidential issues requiring

+ exceptional communication skills to arbitrate employee issues

* Procurement Assistant, worked with

«= Inventory/Purchasing.

‘ Prepared documents, such as manufacturing

+ orders and purchase requests to route materials.

* Coordinated and performed daily cycle counts.

10/1990 to 06/2006 Payroll/ HR Admi rator
St. Luke's Episcopal Healthcare System — City, STATE
* Processed payroll for 1,200 employees in over 125 clinical areas of healthcare,
‘+ Responsible for setting up new employees in One Staff; reviewed and updated the status of employment, executed
shift transfers, department transfers, and terminations as needed to reconcile management records of employment
status.

 

‘© Responsible for the analysis of payroll exceptions in the time collection system to appropriate management
approval for edits in the system to ensure resolution of discrepancies

‘* Reviewed all employees’ time and consolidated discrepancies from daily reports with verification of time forms for
additional hours accumulated.

‘ Assessed shift differentials for second, third shifis, weekend shifts and documented Call-Pay commissions.

Processed manual adjustments for LVN scholarship recipients, flat rate overtime, overtime in ancillary
departments, and special pay programs.

* Coded exceptions for payrolls including; jury duty requests, holiday differentials, vacation and sick leave.

‘* Executed manual procedures for non-automated compensation processes and programs.

‘© Appropriated proper policies and procedures to ensure compliance with Family Medical Leave Act Processed
promotions, terminations, and educational advances.

‘© Maintained employee records

+ Filed pertinent information related to staff.

‘* Responsible for confidential issues requiring exceptional communication skills to arbitrate employee issues.

 

 

Epucation
1983 Business Administration
Texas Southern University - Houston, TX
1986 Accounting Course Work
Houston Community College System - Houston, Texas
2006 Certificate of Pay Force
ADP National Account Services - Chicago , Illinois
2013 Certification DER Worldwide
DISA - Houston, TX
2015 Certification of Paychecks Processing, Certification of ADP Workforce Now
ADP National Account Services - Houston, TX
Sms

 

10 Key, ABRA, accounting and management, ADP, API, Audit report, Benefits,I-9 Processing, W2,W2'C, 401K, communication skills,
customer service, external audits, filing, Financial, Forms, HRIS, Human Resource management, internal audits, ISO 9000, JDE, Time
Keeping System-Open Air, Access, Excel, Windows XP, Word, G/L Recon, Enterprise, Oracle, Payroll, People Soff, policies, processes, QA,
Sage, SAP, Taxes.