JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Dedicated Special Education Teacher focused on building each student's strength and confidence. Committed to creating and maintaining a
positive, student centered learning environment in which teachers, specialists, staff, and parents collaborate effectively to identify and meet the

educational needs of all students while promoting their future success as lifelong learners who contribute to their community.

 

SKILLS
© Education and Training © Proficient in Seis 2
* Direct instruction * Proficient in Woodcock Johnson IV Tests of Academic
* Multi-tasking, prioritizing, organized Achievement
© Creative in achieving goals, writing lesson plans, and engaging -—-* ‘Familiar with several evidence based resources for Reading such
students as Barton Reading and Spelling, Phonics for Reading, SIPPS,
« Preparing students for life outside of school PALS, and Read Naturally.
* Reliable and dependable + Familiar with N2Y Special Education Curriculum, Attainment,
+ A heart for individuals with learning disabilities Touch Math, and Touch Money.
* Speaking, public relations, telecommunications + Experienced with Virtual Learning

+ Experienced with personalized learning

+ Experienced with administering CAASPP/SBAC including CAA

* Proficient with Microsoft Word, Intemet Browsers, Google Docs,
Google Drive, School Pathways, iPads, and iMac computers.

 

EXPERIENCE

Education Specialist and Case Manager, 08/2015 - Current
Ymca Metro Atlanta — Alpharetta, GA

* Provide students in grades Kindergarten through 12th specialized academic instruction in a one to one or small group setting.

* Organize lessons and activities, create student centered learning experience, make decisions about the content and organization of material
to support student leaning.

+ Plan and adapt instruction in order to integrate appropriate strategies to meet the learning needs of all students, such as using a variety of
instructional strategies, resources, and technology to meet the diverse learning needs along with providing research based curriculum,

* Maintain high level of confidentiality.

+ Maintain communication with students and their parents with all parts of their learning.

* Collaborate with administration and general education teachers, related service providers, and parents to identify student learning needs,
create individualized leaming plans to target areas of difficulty in learning, and promote student success.

* Develop Individual Education Programs (IEP) to establish student outcome goals and promote educational and social development.

«Responsibilities of a case manager included scheduling all IEP dates with all members of the team, mail meeting notices with 10 calendar
days prior to meeting, provide all IEP members ample time to update information including observations for present levels of performance,
attest and affirm annotated progress on goals, organize all reports, examples of work, and IEP documents including copies for all team
members at the meeting.

« IEP facilitation included planning an agenda, explaining Procedural Safeguards, leading and guiding discussions confidently, explain the
educational benefit to the IEP team through the identified needs listed in the present levels of performance.

+ Administer formal and informal academic assessments, analyze the results, and provide comprehensive written reports to the IEP team.

* Cooperative and problem solving. Exhibit a professional attitude, positively interacts with teachers, administration and families regarding
policy, protocol and procedures

+ Demonstrate readiness and willingness to accept and complete job duties, including work performance that exhibits flexibility with changes

to program and processes to successfully complete work tasks in a timely manner.

General Education and Intern Resource Teacher, 08/2014 - 08/2017
‘The Kraft Heinz Company — Muscatine, IA
* Worked with students in grades Kindergarten through 12th in a personalized learning model of education,
* Met with student and family at least once every 20 school days to evaluate student progress on all subjects, documented attendance,
collected work samples, and made assignments for the learning period
© Chose curriculum with parent and student's input and ordered curriculum with student's needs and capabilities in mind,
* Reviewed with and had parents sign Master Agreements.
+ Administered school wide assessments and State wide assessments
* Chaperoned field-trips
* Tutored students weekly
* Used School Pathways to enter attendance for each student, entered comments for each subject per learning period, and tumed in a learning
record for each student with samples of each subject.
* Wrote progress reports when needed and reports cards for each semester.
* Guided students in high school to take courses leading to a Diploma

Substitute Teacher, 04/2013 - 06/2015
Enterprise Elementary School District — City, STATE
«Managed daily classroom functions to promote positive leaning outcomes.
* Updated attendance, grades and other required documentation.
«Utilized prearranged lesson plans for existing classes.
* Contacted principal's office to handle safety and disciplinary problems.
* Oversaw pop quizzes, material exams and standardized tests.
+ Managed classrooms of [25] to [30] students during the absence of assigned teachers
+ Kept classroom safe, organized and clean

‘© Mentored, tutored, and instructed students in need of additional support.

Instructional Aide, 08/2005 - 04/2013
Enterprise Elementary School District — City, STATE
« Illustrated an in-depth understanding of evidence-based techniques used to foster academic progress, social inclusion and critical thinking
+ Provided classroom support throughout planned instruction and individual lessons.
+ Complied with instructor developed IEPs and made informed recommendations for adjustments.
* Delivered instruction individually or in small groups with support from instructor.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

‘Mod/Severe Credential: Special Education, 2018
California State University - Chico - Chico, CA

‘Mild/Moderate Credential: Special Education, 2018
California State University - Chico - Chico, CA

Multiple Subject Teaching Credential: Teaching, 2013
Simpson University - Redding, CA

Bachelor of Arts: Liberal Studies, 2009
Simpson University - Redding, CA