PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY

SKILLS

WORK HISTORY

 

 

EDUCATION

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

 

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Focused Project Manager adept at planning and managing projects for Project Document Controls and
Records Management. Experienced in directing co-location project teams and keeping efficient production in
accordance with quality standards. Applying creative and analytical approach for continuous process
improvement. Skilled at identifying or anticipating problems and providing solutions. Ability to effectively
manage stakeholder engagement, team productivity and communication to achieve project objectives and
meet client expectations. Mentoring, training, and empowering the team to excel in its performance

+ Project Management + Regulatory Compliance

‘+ Stakeholder Objectives + Vendor document management

+ Strategic Planning + Archive management

+ SME: Enterprise Content Management Systems * Databook preparation

+ SME: Document Controls / Records + Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written
Management communication skills

‘+ Information Management + Flexible & Adaptable

‘+ Reporting development & delivery + Self-Motivated, assiduous, and enthusiastic

+ Training & Development leader

* Quality Assurance

Organization and Time management

PROJECT MANAGER - DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT 01/2019 to 03/2020
DOW Chemicals | City, STATE

+ Project Manager for Document Management system within Engineering Services IT division. Managed
‘small- and large-scale projects from initiation to closing. Focused on Document Management strategic
and operational goals, returning savings results of $2.5 mil per year with estimated increase of 5%
savings per year for three year roll out. Communicated project plans and reported progress to key
stakeholders, operational and technical resources.

+ Directed EDMS configuration and operation for multiple Capital Projects units, balancing Stakeholder
Requirements and Compliance Standards.

‘+ Produced reports at each milestone, updating customers and senior leaders on progress and
roadblocks.

‘+ Carried out in-depth needs assessments to determine document management requirements at
department and individual user levels.

‘+ Orchestrated projects within strict timeframes and budget constraints by solving complex problems and
working closely with senior leaders and project teams

‘+ Managed project initiated from retirement legacy system. Planned and executed migration of
operational drawings into drawing management system. Designed user portal to match requirements,
migrating AsBuilt drawings into EDMS without disruption to business operations

‘+ Lead multiple co-located projects to implement customizable EDMS workspaces used by Capitol Project
and Plant Operations, developing guidelines that flex to meet situational needs but maintain compliance

‘+ Managed Integrity and Compliance project from design and implementation creating tool to guide users
through compliance processes for document and drawing management

‘+ Forecasted, scheduled and monitored project timelines, personnel performance and cost efficiency.

‘+ Assessed project risks and devised mitigation actions encompassing close attention to contracts and
service level agreements by subcontractors and vendors, external dependencies and potential
roadblocks.

+ Made changes to project scope and cost and implemented most effective change management
processes to keep project up-to-date

DCCCUMENTATION & BUSINESS RECORDS MANAGER 05/2016 to 12/2018
Centurion Pipeline LP | City, STATE

‘+ Managed implementation and management of enterprise content management system program across
company,

‘+ Introduced best practices never used by business units achieving 98% buy-in and unprecedented
improvements in accuracy and quality of information and content. Built new developmental environment
culture, including concepts such as work break down structure, single source repository and data
optimization

+ Established best practice processes and standards for document control, business information and
records management

+ Liaison between IT and business organizations, communicating with stakeholders, functional business
personal, and IT teams during phases application deployment and carried through to optimization.

‘+ Created multi-phase training program customized for business unit's needs. Wrote supporting
education materials, such as train-the-trainer presentations, user guides, and handouts.

‘+ Strategically designed content taxonomies, assigning metadata elements and nomenclature and
prepared business model integrations

‘+ Managed project for customization and integration of AutoCAD with EDMS system

+ Planned, executed and managed online libraries for Standard Operating Procedures, Guidelines,
Standards, Compliance Manuals, Engineering Drawing Standards and Typicals

‘+ Managed project initiated to enhance stakeholder experience by integrating Asset & AsBuilt libraries
with GIS maps

‘+ Completed field visits to monitor customer experience with Document & Records Management Portals

+ Designed reporting catalog for operations projects. Automated EDMS, issuing real time reports per
distribution matrix on schedule. Enabled role base security reporting allowing end user to generate
reports from predefined template or customized selections

‘+ Lead project to optimize transmittal portal, and transmitted project documents, managing static revisions
and tracking comments

‘+ Maintained organized and efficient document flows by using excellent planning and multitasking skils.

‘+ Organized project team tasks, adhering to project execution plan, reported progress to stakeholders,
mitigating risks and managing budget. Maintained change control throughout project.

‘+ Analyzed systems current state, migrating successful processes into new programs. Identified
underperforming process areas, shared improvement concepts and implemented solution

‘+ Assembled business cases for implementation, enhancement, migration, integration or retirement of
software applications

+ Provided effective solutions and guidance to project teams on best practices of content management
systems and procedures that are intuitive to business community.

‘+ Active member of Oxy Document Control Community of Practice Committee

Centurion Pipeline, subsidiary of Oxy prior to 2018 sale to Lotus Midstream

DCCUMENT CONTROL, QUALITY & TRAINING MANAGER 10/2005 to 01/2016
UniversalPegasus International | City, STATE

+ Managed team of 10+ employees, coordinating work distribution, set and managed individual and team
performance goals. Interviewed, hired, trained and mentored employees by coaching and constructive
feedback.

+ Served as Subject Matter Expert (SME) and lead resource for Enterprise Content Systems and
Document Controls for parent and subsidiary companies, provided guidance and tailored practical
solutions,

‘+ Executed training programs, created and hosted classes, with educational tools customized to needs of
project or business unit. Facilitated best user experience through continuous support and
communication of system improvements and policy or procedure updates.

+ Performed internal project audits in reference to client and company standard operating procedures
Issued Process Improvement Notifications (PIN), provided solutions and closed out PIN once resolved

+ Managed vendor documentation within EDMS, streamlining document intention and lifecycle,
implementing electronic stamping, optimizing review and approval workflows, decreasing overdue
documents by 65%

+ Led design and assisted operations of project space for document transmission and collaboration per
client requirements

‘+ Lead implementation of enterprise document management system software to enable centralized
management of project controls, optimizing information across project units

+ Coordinated with management teams to plan, develop, align and execute strategies that would meet,
client's vision, mission and purpose.

‘+ Supported project teams in lead document control role for complex or high priority projects, maintained
and transmitted documentation, distributing documentation for reviews and approvals per lifecycle
requirements, working with leads to create drawing packages, provided real time reporting and
document registers. Created and distributed project data books and closed out documentation per
requirements

+ Fulfilled role of Document Controller on projects during initial kick-off or as required until full time staff
member was available, transitioning Document Control responsibilities once team member was
assigned

‘+ Maintained Vendor and Client contracts within document management system

‘+ Drafted document and information management policies and procedures for corporate and project
specific use

Secondary Education
1998 Texas A&M University - Kingsville , Kingsville, TX

‘+ -Experienced in FileNet P8, Fusion, McLaren, Newforma, Synergis Adept, Content Collector, Data
Capture, OpenText, Capture Perfect, Capture Professional XP. SAP, Oracle, Bluebeam, Adobe
Professional, Adobe DC Suite, Adobe Captivate, UPK Training, SQL Management Studio, Microsoft 365,
Visio, SharePoint, Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook

‘+ Extensive knowledge of Content & Information Management, Engineering Processes and
Documentation, Software Application Development, Project Management, Business Processes &
Information Management

‘+ Subject matter expert in all components of Enterprise Content Management Systems, Business Process
Improvement, Project and Document Management