Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ¢ (555) 432-1000  resumesampleGexample.com

Professional Summary

Document Management Specialist, providing general administrative back-up and other duties. More than [Number] years of records

management support, Familiar and experienced with electronic filing systems, various document management technologies and

scanning experience. Knowledge of filing systems and standards. Proficiency working with Document Management Systems. Multi-

tasks well and efficiently manages changing priorities. Excellent organizational and analytical skills, with attention to detail.

Document Control Specialist experienced in storing, managing and maintaining company and project documents while ensuring

accuracy and quality. Process documents for revision and approval, organize documents from conception to distribution and filing

and create systems to be used to train staff on document control processes. Growth mindset and willing to help team move business

forward with any task.

Skills
* Team building * Planning and Coordination
* Decision-Making + Organization and Time Management
* Flexible and Adaptable * Self-Motivated
* Active Listening * Data Entry
* Multitasking Abilities * Attention to Detail

Excellent Communication.
Analytical and Critical Thinking

Problem-Solving

Good Telephone Etiquette

Work History

Records Management Specialist, 11/2011 to Current

Caci International Inc. - Peterson Air Force Base, CO

Scanned paper documents into computer and assigned identification numbers to simplify tracking process.
Adhered to established procedures for handling sensitive and classified documents to retain chain of custody integrity.
Engaged in daily communications with internal partners and identified document-related issues that required interdepartmental
cooperation.

Forwarded documents requiring legal review to University Legal department to obtain instructions for subsequent document
resolution.

Contacted document requestors and obtained additional information required to process document requests.”

Maintained Undergraduate Admission department document tracking database to follow documents’ migration through
processing sequence in Onbase.

Provided assistance with inbound and outbound document processes, document sorting, logging and work order creation.
Worked with internal staff to process documents and sent for closing.

Prepared digital files, physical documents and work requests in compliance with company guidelines.

Maintained organized and efficient document flows by using excellent planning and multitasking skills.

Transmitted documents, organized revisions and tracked changes.

Performed document reproduction, printing documents from electronic sources such as email attachments, PDF files and coud
storage.

Converted documents from one application to another,

Managed file archival and information retrievals.

Worked with internal team members to remedy issues with preemptive solutions.

Assisted in continuous improvement activities while developing and maintaining resulting documents.

Identified areas of weakness and recommended or implemented process improvements

Collaborated across departments and levels of management to gain consensus on procedural documentation.

Added transfer credit and additional credit on all Undergraduate Students that were submitted.

Sales Associate, 11/2008 to 08/2010
Get-N-Go - Parker, SD

Prepared merchandise for sales floor by pricing or tagging.
Engaged with customers to build rapport and loyalty.

Helped customers locate products and checked store system for merchandise at other sites.

Processed product returns and assisted customers with other selections.

Maintained customer satisfaction with quick and professional handling of product returns

Increased sales by offering advice on purchases and promoting additional products.

Provided positive first impressions to welcome existing, new and potential customers.

Maintained records related to sales, returns and inventory availability.

Enhanced product presentation and promotional material displays, working alongside retail representatives.
Accurately processed POS transactions, retuming coin, currency, payment cards and receipts to customers.
Greeted customers, offered assistance in finding requested items and carried merchandise to checkout line.
Maintained calm demeanor and professionally managed issues in busy, high-stress situations.

Grew sales and boosted profits, applying proactive management strategies and enhancing sales training.

Recommended accessories and complementary purchases to boost revenue.

Preschool Teacher, 10/2009 to 04/2010
West Hills Montessori — Canoga Park, CA

Provided varied opportunities using multiple learning styles for children’s active participation experimentation and problem-
solving within structured setting

Supervised students and enforced discipline during classroom and playground activities

Gave one-on-one attention to children while maintaining overall focus on entire group.

Promoted sensory development by providing access to different textures.

Supervised student teachers to provide objective feedback.

Developed curriculum to advance physical, emotional, social and cognitive growth of children.

Sanitized toys and play equipment each day to maintain safety and cleanliness.

Observed children to identify individuals in need of additional support and developed strategies to improve assistance.
Applied play-based strategies to provide diverse approaches to learning.

Maintained organized, fun and interactive classroom to help children feel safe.

Maintained well-controlled classrooms by clearly outlining standards and reinforcing positive behaviors.

Allowed for ample outdoor discovery time in schedule each day.

Educated students in foundational concepts such as shapes, numbers and letters.

Addressed behavioral and learning issues with parents and daycare management.

Monitored students’ academic, social and emotional progress and recorded in individual files.

Assisted and supervised 12 children through entire school day.

Established positive communication with parents in daily conversation and formal conferences.

Identified signs of emotional and developmental problems in children and reported to parents.

Store Manager, 06/2005 to 05/2009
Music And Arts — Burbank, CA

Reviewed and monitored scheduling, purchases and other expenses to maintain quarterly budget.
Performed statistical analyses to gather data for operational and forecast team needs,

Coached sales associates in product specifications, sales incentives and selling techniques, significantly increasing customer
satisfaction ratings

Evaluated suppliers to maintain cost controls and improve operations.

Managed inventory control, cash control and store opening and closing procedures.

Maintained proper product levels and inventory controls for merchandise and organized backroom to facilitate effective
ordering and stock rotation.

Delivered positive results by controlling monthly operations budget and limiting financial discrepancies.

Maintained strong knowledge in handling of perishable products in dairy, meat and produce departments.

Coached sales associates on product knowledge by using wide variety of training tools.

Maximized sales and minimized shrinkage through excellent customer service and adherence to standard practices.
Reconciled daily sales transactions to balance and log day-to-day revenue.

Rotated merchandise and displays to feature new products and promotions.

Prepared annual budgets with controls to prevent overages.

Scheduled and led weekly store meetings for all employees to discuss sales promotions and new inventory while providing
platform for all to voice concerns.

Introduced new methods, practices and systems to reduce turnaround time.

Set effective store schedules based on forecasted customer levels, individual employee knowledge and service requirements.
Upheld and communicated store programs and standards to employees for optimal quality, freshness, safety and cleanliness.
Managed store employees successfully in fast-paced environment through proactive communication and positive feedback.
Rotated stock to achieve optimum appeal and minimize shrinkage.

‘Completed point of sale opening and closing procedures.

Minimized on-site cash with frequent deposits and high accuracy in predicting operations

Protected store from loss or theft by setting and enforcing clear security policies.

Implemented process improvement to shape organizational culture, optimize procedures for higher efficiency and help company
evolve and grow.

Promoted team collaboration, performance and efficiency by fostering healthy environments focused on mutual success.
Supervised guests at front counter, answering questions regarding products.

Reviewed performance data to monitor and measure productivity, goal progress and activity levels.

Increases sales by over 10%

Education

Early Childhood Education
Ohio University - Athens, OH

High School Diploma: 05/2001
Alexander High School - Albany, OH