JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

 

SKILLS

Computer Skills, from data entry, web design, banking and finance» Thave always been the one to train new employees. Iam very good

applications to Microsoft. at articulating things. I can find a way to teach anyone just about
* Great clerical and customer service skills, in any setting, including anything

medical, as well as organizational skills « Interdisciplinary teamwork
« Physically fit, capable of moving up to 70 Ibs and assisting in * Very capable, fast leamer with great memory skills

patient transport

* Document management

 

EXPERIENCE

 

Caregiver/ Advocate, Spec Needs, 12/2013 - 07/2018
Fiesta Mart — Dallas, TX
* Maintained clean and well-organized environment for client happiness and safety.
«Improved patient outlook and daily living through compassionate care.
* Observed patients for changes in physical, emotional, mental or behavioral condition and injuries
+ Assisted with meal planning to meet nutritional plans.
* Followed care plan and directions to administer medications.
* Drove clients to shop for groceries, attend doctor appointments and run errands.
+ Monitored vital signs and medication use, documenting variances and concerning responses.
+ Laundered clothing and bedding to prevent infection.
* Completed weekly and monthly reports summarizing activities
Aided with mobility and independence for disabled individuals and continually monitored safety.

* Developed patient care plans with doctors and registered nurses.

 

Co-Manager, 07/2012 - 12/2013
Alex And Ani— Novi, MI

Insured excellent customer service

Trained and supervised at high volume store

Responsible for opening and closing according to company procedures

Responsible for money management; balancing registers, collecting driver and cashier payouts, daily deposits, and payroll

Effectively Maintained Food and Labor costs; Food ordering and correctly scheduling employee shifts

Took daily and weekly inventory, while calculating Profit for business periods

Responsible for hiring process and training of employees

Assistant Manager, 03/2010 - 06/2012
Stevi B's Pizza Buffet And Games — City, STATE
# Responsible for opening and closing restaurant
* Secured revenue, accurately monitoring transactions and deposits to eliminate discrepancies.
+ Implemented training processes for newly hired employees and, supervised and assessed shift leads performance and all other restaurant

personnel.

Received ServSafe Certification; responsible for keeping store up to Health Department regulations; insured all employees worked
according to these guide lines.

Excelled in maintaining labor and food costs according to company wide goals

Improved efficiency and productivity by implementing organization systems for financial reports, schedules and inventory control.

Loan Processor to Manager of Marketing, 08/1994 - 07/2008
America's Choice Mortgage — City, STATE
* Reviewed and verified borrowers’ income, credit reports, property appraisals and supplemental information to prepare documents for
underwriting,
+ Communicated with customers in person and via telephone to answer questions, process transactions and resolve issues.
* Supported loan officiant and underwriter teams by ensuring timely, judicious and accurate loan processing.
* Maintained fast-paced schedule by consistently providing satisfactory application approval tumaround times.
* Created and completed loan submission packages:
+ Managed conditions sent from underwriting departments.
* Maintained complete confidentiality of submitted information according to release guidelines.
* Organized loan files, updated databases, prepared general correspondence and communicated with stakeholders
« Filed completed packages quickly and efficiently.
* Discussed loan needs and financial histories with clients and conveyed information regarding application processes
+ Evaluated financial statements and contacted institutions and customers to clarify details.
* Completed closing process by collaborating with attomeys, title companies and government clerks.
* Checked approvals against established bank and government lending standards.
* Obtained repeat business by building strong customer relations and delivering world-class customer service.
© Upheld compliance with privacy and security requirements, as well as federal statutes covering VA loans
‘Manager of Marketing and Advertising
* Responsible for creating and implementing direct mail program
* Designed and scheduled flyers for program that mailed up to 40,000 flyers per week
* Responsible for supervising and training direct mail personnel according to the United State Postal Service regulations and our company
policies
+ Responsible for setting up booths at Mortgage Conventions accross the U.S. and accurately scheduling our Loan Originators hotel
bookings and flights

 

EpucaTion

Bachelor of Science: Biology, 07/2003
University of Georgia - Athens, GA
‘* Hope Scholarship recipient from 1999-2003
Dean's List Honoree Fall 1999,Fall 2001, and Spring 2002
Volunteered at St. Mary's Hospital 2000-2002
Certified in High School as a Personal Care Aid, Volunteered at Doctors Hospital in the Burn Unit, 1995-1997
Maintained my job at America's Choice Mortgage all 4 1/2 years

 

 

 

SUMMARY

Tam a very energetic, self motivated person. I enjoy working with people, especially in a team oriented environment. I am very organized and
goal oriented. I am also one who does everything by the book. When I finish a job, I always look to help other team members to reach that same
point

Tam very passionate about helping others, especially those who cannot help themselves; children, elderly, disabled individuals. Thave personal
experience as a caretaker for a son with special needs. He has a rare genetic disorder, called Albright's Hereditary Osteodystrophy (AHO) and
Autism. It causes him to have alot of serious health issues, such as seizures, obesity, heart problems, as well as cognitive delays. This prevents
him from being able to perform everyday, essential living skills. His numerous specialists and medications make it hard for him to live the life
ofa normal 12 year old. We have finally come up with a medicine regiment that has improved most of his health issues. But he will always need
supervision to do even the basic skills of life. There are so many individuals out there like my son. I will not stop until I have the government
insuring that disabled or special needs individuals have a fair chance at education and a good quality of life.

Tam always dedicated and loyal to any employment opportunity I work, but my passion is helping those who are less fortunate that L