Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Summary

Efficient Finance Professional skilled at consistently meeting and surpassing expectations. Extensive experience in risk management,

internal controls, budgeting, strategic planning and accounting.

Highlights

« Strategic and financial planning expert * Certified Management Accountant (CMA, ICMA)
« Risk management and internal controls * Certified Public Accountant (CPA, Philippines)
* Project Accounting * Proficient in SAP BPC, SAP, Oracle, JDEdwards, Hyperion
* Process implementation Essbase and Microsoft

Accomplishments

Graduated Cum Laude Bachelor of Science in Accountancyfrom Saint Mary's University (Philippines).

Implemented business controls to newly acquired entities in Asia.

Implemented project accounting software across Asia entities thus standardizing revenue recognition and ensuring accurate and
transparent reports.

Rebuilt and right sized the Expense Claims team of McKinsey from an original 46 FTE number, the team was reduced to the sight
size of 26 FTEs without affecting desired output.

Designed and implemented a billing system which can capture price changes and FTE changes to the day. This system also is able to
output several reports needed by the clients.

‘Was a member of a team who developed and implemented the shared service center's transfer pricing methodology to various
branches worldwide which facilitate faster and simplified billing procedures of services.

Facilitated in the correction of the SB14 closing balances in 2004 to equal the closing balances in JDE through the review of bill of
materials, this resulted to an upside of £4,000,000 in the management books and subsequently allocated to Region’s books.

Experience

Head of Risk Management (Asia), 06/2014 to Current
Abbott Laboratories — Wichita, KS
* Advising: Educational / Advisory support to executive and operational management with the design and implementation of the
ARCADIS Business Controls (Enterprise Risk Management) Investigating: Planning and executing “management testing” to
evaluate the design and operating effectiveness of risk management practices in the entire OpCo and individual countries.
+ Reporting: Reporting of findings of "management testing" to the regional and country management.
‘+ Support in making the overall management assessment for the Langdon & Seah "in Control Statement” and "Document of
Representation”,
‘* Monitoring: Maintain an up to date list of outstanding issues which have resulted from “management testing” or from other
sources (e.g.internal audit or external audit),
* Agreeing with the OpCo / country management remediation actions to resolve issues and have these proposed actions approved
by the OpCo Asia CFO.
* Periodically follow up on progress made on remediation actions.
* Leading: Head the Risk Management function at Langdon & Seah Participation / Supporting: Participate in internal audits for
other ARCADIS OpCo's across the globe (lead by ARCADIS Internal Audit department).

Senior Finance Manager, 06/2012 to 06/2014
Accor Hotels —- Sonoma, CA
« Implements the ARCADIS Business Controls (Enterprise Risk Management) for all Langdon & Seah offices in Asia.
« Performs internal audit for other ARCADIS companies across the globe
* Draft policies in accordance with the ARCADIS Business Controls for all Langdon & Seah offices in Asia Reviews and
consolidated all Tax Reports for Langdon & Seah offices in Asia.
* Reviews and consolidates market data reports for Langdon & Seah offices in Asia.
* Prepares monthly consolidated accounts for four Philippine companies including analysis of variance versus budgets and latest
estimates.
« Prepares and reports monthly KPI for the Philippines entities.
‘© Manages Philippines reporting process in accordance with Asia group requirements.
* Leads the annual budgeting process and quarterly estimate update through to completion for four Philippines entities.
« Handles the integration of the Finance team of the four PH companies to one team and standard process.
* Reviewed and improved several accounts receivable and revenue processes, enabling a faster reporting turn-around time
« Introduced weekly Days Revenue Outstanding monitoring enabling an improvement in collection.
* Trained accountants in MS Excel functionalities.

* Introduced monthly balance sheet reconciliation.

Finance Manager, 07/2011 to 06/2012
Breakthru Beverage Group — Fairfield, CT

« Directed the operations of the accounting department for two companies of Stolt in the Philippines.

* Scope of work includes financial reporting, tax planning, budgeting, and management accounting,

* Was responsible in maintaining vendor records for the Global Shared Service Center customers such as Ship-owning, Tanker
Trading and Terminals & Containers.

« Ensured that bank reconciliations for other Stolt companies is done daily, completed before month-end and reconciling items are
addressed within 30 days.

« Ensured that KPI and Balanced Score cards are updated to current operations and consistently report such to the Group
Controller.

« Prepared and consolidated budget for the two entities.

* Responsible for internal and external audit requirements, implementation of recommendation and update policies and
procedures for local implementation and prevent findings from recurring.

* Designed and introduced an effective Group Controller weekly report which gives relevant information on work processes,
people movements, systems developments and updates for the shared service center.

« Introduced several improvements in Oracle systems relating to well defined procedures and set up process that update
accounting processes.

* Corrected the accounting backlogs in trade -payables, Intercompany transactions and updating of payable subsidiary schedules.
This eliminated substantial amount of risks to the company in terms of trade penalties and delayed deliveries of goods and
services,

« Simplified the company’s operating fund requests processes which enabled a faster release of funds to requestors and also
eliminate unnecessary steps that delayed the transactions

* Reduced vendor and master data maintenance turn-around time from 3 days to 1 day.

Accounting Manager- Expense Claims, 03/2010 to 07/2011
Astiflex Manufacturing - Walker, MI

‘* Was responsible for the management of a team of 26 finance personnel handling the recording, audit and payment proposal of
the expenses of McKinsey consultants in Asia and Eastern Europe.

« The end to end process includes review of the expenses against policy and compliance to operating guidelines of individual
offices.

* Directed the team conducting 100 % post audit revenue of transactions incurred and submitted.

« Recommended remedial procedures in internal controls violations, adjustments are taken up within the time frame approved
and introduced process improvements.

+ Ensured that service levels with customers are met, investigate deviation promptly and process is changed to prevent any
recurrence.

« Ensure that process gaps are identified and eliminated.

« Prepared and reported monthly KPI (this includes timeliness, quality and productivity) to Senior Leadership,

* This is also reported to clients monthly and quarterly.

« Regularly reviewed staff performance and job fit.

« Introduce staff motivating schemes, career path advices, and other behavioral improvement programs

+ Implemented a daily target per FTE (full time equivalent) which eventually led to reduction of two excess FTEs with a savings of
P 608,000 per annum.

* Improved workflows in claims to auditors which reduce time in transactions involved and created a Quality Audit unit.

* Implemented a post-audit of the expense claims retroactive to January 2010 leading to collection of approximately US$ 15,000 in
duplicate claims

« Revised the audit grouping from office or market specific to region specific giving auditor additional knowledge of other
expense guidelines.

* This set-up also put in place an efficient back-up system for the process and a subsequent redeployment of an FTE to Post Audit.

+ Implemented an effective training method that enables the company to train 11 staff in just 15 days instead of previous one to 2
months.

« Transitioned Poland expense reporting in February 2011 to the Manila shared service center.

« Introduced the "four-eye" principle in the processing of expense reports which enables thorough checking of expenses prior to

 

payment.

* This change paved the way to segregation of duties within the team.

* Conducted a weekly refresher to all team members.

« Refresher courses cover a wide range of topics such as values, MS Excel, Expense Guidelines, Language cross training and Tax
Regulations of various countries.

« Passed internal audit review conducted in 2010, with no major findings the only unit to achieve this in the entire region.

Senior Associate/Team Leader for Accounting Services Finance (ASF), 07/2006 to 03/2010

Astiflex Manufacturing — Rochester Hills, MI

‘Managed a team of 13 handling bank reconciliation, general accounting, client invoicing and staff/vendor payments

Ensured that funds are ready for all disbursements and supported by proper documents as well as compliance to set policies.
Monitored and improved Finance service delivery agreements that is processing must be within the agreed turn-around time. Client
invoicing needs to be based on the service level agreements with the various offices, agreed transfer price, on top of this, ensure that
these are collected within the agreed terms. Daily bank reconciliation findings are resolved and corrected in the books immediately.
Supervised payables and disbursements and revenue billing and collection process.

Ensured that monthly accruals are complete, accurate in such a way that it represents incurred and unpaid expenses, and that any
variance from the budget are explained regardless of amount,

Reviewed monthly balance sheet substantiation and confirmed balances with various departments.

Reviewed daily cash position report and recommends funding requirements.

Processed confidential payments and performed confidential financial analyses required by the top management of DKS.

Prepared a Monthly Financial Performance Review pack and reported the same to management.

Revised jobs and workflows to improve efficiency. Achieved zero backlog and zero overtime targets. Savings from overtime
elimination is P550,000 per annum.

Conducted several learning sessions for the finance team aimed to have a common understanding on the account structure and cost
center hierarchy of Deutsche Bank, SAP reports and functions, and various policies. As a result, adjusting entries during month-end
were significantly reduced and faster month-end close activity.

Designed a back-up system within the team such that rotation and turnover does not affect the daily operation of the team. Invoicing
team knows what the staff/vendor payments team is doing and vice versa.

Trained several fresh graduates and deployed them eventually to the service delivery teams of the company.

Represented the Finance team in several committees and working groups such as the Operations Committee and Vendor
Accreditation Committee.

Implemented daily bank reconciliation from the monthly, and reduced reconciling items to bank charges.

Implemented electronic bank payments and bank check cutting from a manual form request for telegraphic transfer and in house

check printing and manual authorizations.

Senior Associate for Business Area Finance(Concurrent role), 07/2006 to 10/2008
Bryanlgh Medical Center - Grand Island, NE
* Handled the calculation, monitor and update of DKS Transfer Pricing Matrix.
* Prepared quarterly multi-year entity level travel and revenue budget.
« Prepared and presented entity and business level Monthly Financial Performance Review to the CFO, GM and CEO.
+ Handled the monthly Profit and Loss review, substantiation, trending and Flash Reporting Was in charge of headcount
monitoring and reporting for the entire entity.
* Handled various financial analyses required by the top management.
« Reduced revenue variance against budget to less than 1.5 % compared to previous performance of 3%
* This allowed management to forecast company’s revenue accurately, resulting to effective cash flow management and control.
* Analyzed the various cost drivers of the company such as overtime and travel enabling management to formulate more stringent
policies.
« Designed the revenue and travel budgeting worksheets of the company which enabled the team to provide management of a per
project budget within two days.
* Collaborated on the analysis and clean-up of the accounts and cost centers which resulted in blocking of 50 cost centers and

closing of long outstanding balance sheet items and intercompany account breaks.

Financial Analyst, 09/2003 to 07/2006
Glaxo SmithKline Philippines Inc— City, STATE

« Prepared profit and loss statements per brand, per category and total pharmaceutical sector for the business unit heads and
marketing managers.

* Reviewed the monthly corporate income statement and explain variances to regional office.

* Handled corporate reporting for working capital analysis and sales performance.

* Coordinated with commercial counterparts for forecast and budget data consolidation and analysis Presented total company and
business units’ performance in monthly Operations Committee meetings.

« Performed analysis particularly NPV and Cash Flow Analysis on various product launches of the company such as Rotarix,
Erdosteine and other generic drugs.

« Analyzed the impact of the price increase initiatives of the company.

« Involved in the sales and marketing expense budget setting of the various portfolios of the company, this includes Vaccines,
Milk, Anti-Infectives, Dermatologicals, Central Nervous System, Pediatrics and Gastrointestinal products.

* Reviewed contracts with suppliers and determined the impact of each of the provisions to the profit of the product and to the
company as a whole.

* Managed the profit and loss statement of the pharmaceutical sector.

* Monitored budget spend and achievement of sales and marketing targets.

« Negotiated transfer prices with the corporate Economic Analysis and Trading Arrangements group and calculated the standard
costs for imported finished goods and samples as well as the projected impact to the company’s gross profit and net income.

« Estimated and validated monthly profit releases from inventory transactions for actual reports and budget.

« Prepared the budget for standard cost of sales, variances and other cost of goods sold components.

* Designed the four way sales variance analysis for the two kinds of trade sales peculiar to a pharmaceutical company.

« Facilitated in the correction of the SB14 closing balances in 2004 to equal the closing balances in JDE, this resulted to an upside of
£4,000,000 in the management books and subsequently allocated to Region's books.

+ Managed the actual, budget and forecast gross profits per product range, and reviews purchase price variances per month, this
contributed so much in the achievement of the planned profit in 2005.

« Prepared the midmonth sales forecast, two-way price volume analysis and country highlights reports on a monthly basis and
submitted the same to Area Headquarters.

Inventory User Champion for Project Helios, 09/2002 to 09/2003
Glaxo SmithKline Philippines Inc— City, STATE

« Inventory User Champion for Project Helios As a member of the Company's Project Helios, a project that implemented various
improvements in work processes, as member of this project the following were implemented: Automation of landed costs and
purchase price variances calculation in JD Edwards.

* SBI and JD Edwards interface to automatically extract the inventory movements in the system for monthly profit release
calculation Set-up various operating and application locations in JD Edwards for use by Warehouse and Demand groups to track
inventory movements.

* Designed various reports for use by Demand Management Department, showing expiring stocks, aging of inventory stocks (3, 6,
9, 12 months).

+ Conceptualized and implemented various documents to be used in warehouse transactions applicable to JDE systems

* Trained warehouse personnel in the use of the JDE Inventory Module.

* Designed a tip sheet for use by Warehouse personnel and Cost Accounting Group, this served as their guide in JDE for proper
inventory management.

* Reduced the month-end closing lead time from seven days to one day by consolidating the various stocks of Pharmaceuticals,
reducing the month end reports and designing an allocation journal for purchase price variance, this automatically generates an
entry into JDE.

Cost Accounting Process Owner, 2001 to 09/2002
Glaxo SmithKline Philippines Inc— City, STATE
« Handled the inter-company reporting requirements of Corporate GPICCS, this report monitors the movement of stocks and the
{gross profits of various products and used in pricing and marketing strategy.
+ Worked in the migration of Glaxo Welcome to the Smith Kline Beecham intercompany profit reporting system.
* The balances of Glaxo Welcome’s GPICCS were transferred to Smith Kline Beecham’'s SB14 successfully in 2002.
* Performed various month-end critical processes like calculation of landed cost of imported raw materials and analysis of
purchase price variances and reconciliation of inventory transactions between general ledger and subsidiary ledger.
* Handled item master maintenance in JDE for new and changed items and the corresponding update of Automatic Accounting

Instructions in JDE.

Expense Accounting Process Owner, 01/2000 to 2001
Glaxo SmithKline Philippines Inc City, STATE
+ Evaluated and analyzed expense reports of medical representatives, also included monitoring of certain expenses prone to abuse
such as per diem, gasoline allowances and representation.

* Analyzed accounts receivable from 1997 to 2000 to facilitate collection and claim and reduce days sales outstanding,

Accountant, 1999 to 2000
Macro Asia Eurest Catering Services — City, STATE
« Reported directly to the Assistant Financial Controller and handles cash receipts, bank reconciliation, funds flow statement,
preparation of schedules for the financial statement package, monthly tax reports, fixed assets books, and other financial reports
required by the offices of the Controller and VP-Finance.
« Prepared critical audit requirements such as fixed assets reconciliation, bank reconciliation, accounts payable and receivable
analysis schedules.
Member ISO 9002 working team.
Member of the Internal Quality Audit Team, tasked to audit the procedures of the company.

* Prepared accounting procedures and guidelines for ISO certification.

Accountant, 09/1998 to 1999
PhilSteel Holdings Company - City, STATE
« Reported directly to the Vice-President - Group Comptroller, handled the books of accounts of Phil Steel Holdings Corporation.
* A holding company with five subsidiaries (Steel Corporation of the Philippines, Phil Steel Coating Corporation, Phil Metal
Products Inc,, Steel Frame Philippines Inc., Phil Steel Insurance Services Agency), work includes preparation of the consolidated
financial reports of the group, parent company financial statements, BIR and SEC requirements, etc.
« Prepared various schedules and reports needed in the increase of authorized capital stock of Phil Steel Holdings completed early
1999 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
* Responsible for the preparation of financial reports and analysis of the Holding Company submitted to the Executive Committee
every month,

« Redesigned the group chart of accounts for Phil Steel Holdings Corporation for easier consolidation of financial statements,

College Instructor, 05/1997 to 09/1998
Saint Mary's University — City, STATE
+ Taught practical accounting I and I, theory of accounts, constructive accounting, auditing, advanced accounting, introduction to
accounting, partnership and basic business computer skills.

Student Assistant, 09/1994 to 04/1996
Saint Mary's University — City, STATE
* Performed bank reconciliation and cash flow analysis for the school's catering, bookstore and canteen.
* Calculated costs for various printing jobs of the school.

* Performed physical inventory count and reconciliation of general ledger and subsidiary ledger.
Education

Bachelor of Science: Accountancy, 1996
SAINT MARY'S UNIVERSITY - Bayombong, Nueva Vizcaya
Graduated Cum Laude

Certified Internal Control Auditor Program: 08/2013
Institute of Internal Controls Asia

Team Leader's Development Program: 06/2008

2007 Certified Management Accountant (CMA), Institute of Certified Management Accountants 1999 Internal Quality Auditing
Certificate No: PI-10567 for ISO, Neville-Clarke International 1997 Certified Public Accountant (CPA): 2007
Institute of Certified Management Accountants (Australia)

Skills

Change Management

SAP R/3 FICO

BCS

Oracle vil and v12

JD Edwards World Software A7.4 Cum 4

Hyperion Essbase

SB14 and GPICCS (Cognos based GSK Intemal Profit Reporting System) MS Excel with wide utilization of functions like sum
product, PowerPoint, Word and Project