JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

* Seasoned Dedicated Team Leader with expertise in customer service, team building, issue resolution and interpersonal communication,
Proficient with project management, personnel training and scheduling. Sets example for work ethic, multitasking, critical skill thinking
and quality. Strong Leader offering over 16 years of great customer experience and accomplished supervisory roles. Focused and skilled at
employee oversight, mentoring and driving continuous improvements. Recognized for high levels of production and quality. People-
oriented Team Leader effective at successfully executing new initiatives. Maintains workplace culture consistent with organization's
mission and values. Outstanding trainer of new hires on processes and quality. Highly-focused and ambitious Team lead bringing $+ years
management experience with motivating employees and problem solving skills. Talented in employee hiring, training, development and

retention-promoting relationship building.

 

 

SKILLS
«Strong interpersonal, communication skills * Skilled multi-tasker and deadline-oriented
« Energetic work attitude. self-directed team player « High customer service standards, conflict resolution
* Meticulous attention to detail, strong problem solving skills « Strong organizational skills, dedicated to process improvement
* Focused on customer satisfaction, active listening skills
EXPERIENCE

Senior Team Lead, Human Resources Operations. 01/2021 - Current
Marten Transport — Lake Zurich, IL
* Promoted to leadership position in recognition of strong work ethic and demonstrated ability to provide exceptional customer service.
+ Developed and implemented policies, procedures and process improvement initiatives to improve retention rates and increase customer
satisfaction.
«Improved operational efficiencies by creating filing systems to maintain confidential employee documents and reports.
« Fostered positive employee relationships through communication, training and development coaching.
« Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives.
+ Strengthened and enhanced processes for managing complaints by leading thorough investigations into incidents and concems
* Reviewed specifications and directions carefully to determine precise set up for production equipment according to specifications.

* Worked with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures

Senior Team Lead, 09/2016 - 01/2021
Assurant — Toms River, NJ
+ Developed and implemented policies, procedures and process improvement initiatives to improve retention rates and increase customer
satisfaction.
+ Mentored newly hired employees on machine operations and implemented training on safety procedures to prevent injuries.
« Fostered positive employee relationships through communication, training and development coaching.
« Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives.
«Assessed, motivated and empowered team members to work to build customer satisfaction and loyalty, to support retention and growth.
* Optimized team performance by training new hires on use of equipment, standard procedures and organizational policies.
« Evaluated employee performance, identified areas of improvement and communicated plans to employees.
* Created and maintained production schedules based on employee productivity, company needs and seasonal plans

«Supervised team of [Number] employees working with [Type] equipment, maintaining safety and cultivating productive atmosphere.

Recruiter Spealist. 04/2013 - 09/2016
Select Medical Corporation — Maple Grove, MN

* Coordinated schedules and set appointments by calling [Customer Type]
Scheduled and confirmed appointments.

Maintained customer records with timely and accurate database updates.

Implemented new recordkeeping and documenting systems to improve organization and traceability.

Provided exceptional customer service through effective telephone communication and follow-ups.

Processed payments and updated accounts to reflect balance changes.

Managed large volumes of daily outgoing calls while adhering to predetermined quotas.

Provided clerical support to all team members to improve office efficiency and enhance productivity.

Property Adjuster, 05/2010 - 04/2013
Farmers Insurance — City, STATE,
* Conducted interviews, gathered detailed information and completed field investigations Investigated any potentially fraudulent claims with
a focus on thoroughness, quality and cost control. Identified and collected evidence and determined its value to a specific claim.
* Served as subject matter expert in wind,hail, fire and water claims.
* Conducted claim and estimate re- inspections.
+ Communicated with insured individuals to explain audit classifications and computations.
+ Recommended settlement offers and negotiated payment arrangements.
« Investigated claims, conducted field audits, determined losses and reported findings.
# Worked with underwriting on loss reserves and risk assessment and coordinated field reviews.
+ Completed required investigations on referred files in a timely manner.
+ Analyzed first reports of loss and underlying file material to determine if a claim was suspect.
* Drafted statement of loss to summarize damages, payments and underlying policy coverage

* Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues.

Acting Customer Service Staff Manager, 08/2009 - 06/2010
Farmers Insurance Group — City, STATE
* Manage a team of supervisors overseeing customer service associates in the claims process, while providing assistance to the claims center.
* Actively contribute to the growth of a customer service supervisors to help them reach the level of success needed to support the call center
at the highest level.
+ Partake in the hiring process of customer service associates and supervisors,
+ Education as well as the termination process.
+ Maintaining detailed performance records and reports on each supervisor and their customer service associates.
* Conflict-resolution- resolving customer complaints using proactive listening skills and established methods of conflict resolution.
* Conducting behavior reviews with supervisor and reviewing all behavior reviews for customer service associates.

«A leader to my supervisors and customer service associates and peers by following Farmers.

Customer Service Supervisor, 01/2007 - 07/2009

Farmers Insurance Group — City, STATE,

 

«Supervise a team of individuals in the claims process while providing additional help to the the claims center.

* Actively contribute to the growth of a customer service associates to help them achieve the level of success needed to support the call
center at the highest level.

«Supervised the assignment of claims handled by customer service associates and provide supplemental training when needed.

«Resolving customer complaints using proactive listening skills and established methods of conflict resolution.

* Maintaining detailed performance records and evaluations on each of my employees.

* Covering the supervisor "Hunt Line" and answer any questions that arise.

+ Partake in the hiring process of customer service associates, as well as the termination process.

«Audit the National catastrophe department Drive-In queue.

* Developed, implemented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction,

+ Owned team productivity metrics Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives.

« Provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management.

« Addressed negative customer feedback immediately.

* Provided a high level of product and leadership support to representatives and clients.

« Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.

* Developed rapport with the customer base by handling difficult issues with professionalism.

+ Recommended changes to existing methods to increase the accuracy, efficiency and responsiveness of the customer service department.

Customer Service Associate/Senior CSA, 08/2005 - 01/2007
Farmers Insurance Group — City, STATE
* Handle inbound and outbound calls regarding new and existing claims - Correctly assign appropriate adjustor's to process claims - Offer
services to insureds and claimants according to company policy and state guidelines - Maintain active adjustor’s license in required states -
Mentor new customer service associates - Assist supervisor with selected tasks and various projects Achievements: - Silver & Gold Club
Award for superior service multiple times.
+ Implementing the testing and subsequent evaluation of new programs or procedures.
* Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.
* Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service representatives when needed
* Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.
* Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.
* Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.
+ Assisted with the development of the call center's operations, quality and training processes.

* Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Psychology, 05/2005
Southwest Baptist University - Bolivar, MO
* Double Major in Psychology and Sociology