Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

+ Over 7 years of IT experience in testing Web application testing and understand architecture in terms of functionality as well as,
ETL /Business Intelligence solutions.

* Performed Backend QA testing in various industries such as Banking, Insurance, and Capital markets

« Strong understanding of Equities and Fixed Income products with respect to Brokerage Operations, Margin Trading and
Securities Lending. Worked on Trade capture, Middle Office Operations, and Back Office Settlements.

+ Successfully led the design and deployment of the overnight automated batch system for various products.

* Adept in reviewing Test Procedures, creating Test plans, Test Scenario, defining System & Integration Test Cases, executing Test
Cases, Test

* Data reviewing and maintaining and executing detailed Test scripts for User Acceptance Testing (UAT), analyzing bugs,
interacting with team members in fixing errors and UAT testing,

* Good understanding of SDLC, QA concept (e.g. Functional, Integration, Systems, Regression testing) and agile development
methodologies

« Experience in working with business analysts/customers to understand customer requirement and convert this into the test plan/
test case development

« Strong Knowledge in the ETL process, DDL and DML statements, Data Warehouse Architecture, Physical and Logical Data
Models,

« Extensively used ETL methodology for supporting data extraction, transformations and loading processing in a corporate-wide-
ETL solution using ETL tools like Informatica, SSIS, Abinitio.

« Experience in writing and executing complex SQL queries to validate actual vs. expected results and to validate data from source
to target
Strong technical knowledge of UNIX Utilities, shell Script to automate the process

* Solid knowledge of using MS Excel. Used advanced functions like V-lookup, Pivot tables, and analysis

* Performed backend database testing by writing SQL and PL/SQL scripts to verify data quality and data integrity

« Experience in writing test plans, defining test scenarios and test cases, developing and maintaining test scripts based on business
and functional requirements, documented all phases of QA process
Led multiple projects/releases simultaneously and coordinating across multiple project teams.

« Involved in functional, end-to-end and regression testing of Trade booking and settlement logic as well as related ETL processes
developed to fetch data from front office DB systems to the target data warehouse using complex SQL queries.

* Created ETL test data for all ETL mapping rules to test the functionality of the data flow.

* Good knowledge of Informatica Designer Components -Source Analyzer, Target Designer, Mapping Designer, Transformation
Developer, Workflow Manager, and Workflow Monitor.

« Strong understanding of quality control via Verification and Validation processes to comply with specified requirements.

« Performed different types of testing such as UAT, Functional, Regression, Integration, Black Box, Stress, Backend, Positive,
Negative, Risk-based, Volume, and Performance.

* Excellent Domain knowledge in Banking and Trading.

* Develop and execute detailed ETL related functional, performance, integration, and regression test cases, and documentation.
Skills

Programming Languages: C, C++, OOP, Java, and Visual Basic
Scripting Languages: VBScript, Perl, UNIX Shell Scripting
Testing Tools: JIRA, Quality Center, HP ALM

Operating Systems: UNIX, Linux and Windows XP

RDBMS: MS SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access

‘Web Technologies: HTML/DHTML, ASP, .NET, XML, JavaScript,
VB Script

Other Experience: LAN, WAN, Wireless, VoIP knowledge,
Network Design and Implementation, Citrix, VMware, Cyber
Security

Work History

SQUETL Tester, 06/2017 to Current
Harmon International Industries — Northridge, CA

« Performed feed files validation, metadata validation, column mapping, data completeness testing, data quality testing, ETL
performance testing.

* The tested ETL process for feeds received from counterparties’ back office and compared with the data that was received from
the Front office for consistency.

« Performed Backend testing using oracle SQLserverqueries to retrieve the data from the databases and validate the results if the
process had generated expected results.

* Developed and deployed quality stored procedures, views, SQL Aggregate functions join subqueries and triggers.

« Performed Backend, Functional, Regression and Smoke tests on the new enhancements added to the web application in theSIT
environment.

« Strong knowledge on validation of ETL process results such as executing Mapping, Metadata, data quality, Data Load tests.

« Familiarity with checking the status of AutoSys jobs in the ETL process

« Tested all the reports generated by validating the data in the report against the database according to the requirement
specifications using SQL.

« Tested PL/SQL procedures that were developed to load the data from temporary tables in staging to target tables in the data
warehouse.

« Extensively used SQL statements to query the MS SQL Server Database for Data Validation and Data Integrity.

« Validated incremental iterative application releases using an agile process (Scrum).

« Tested User Interface inconsistency and application functionality.

* Provided support to the offshore QA team by giving them knowledge transfer and helping them with the closure of the defects.

« Performed data validation on the flat files that were generated in the UNIX environment using UNIX commands as necessary.

* Created and executed test cases for all the required extracts and prepared test scripts for interface validation and End to End and
Integration Testing,

« Tested source data for data completeness, data correctness, and data integrity.

* Performed End to end testing starting from the source to the report.
Managed Offshore team and Organized testing schedule and resource allocation.

* Responsible to perform UAT and get UAT to sign off from business users.

* Designing the entire documentation like Test Plan, Test Scenarios,

* Detailed Test Cases and Test Results in HP ALM for specific projects,

« Identifying the testable vs. Non-testable, compliance and regulatory requirements.

QA Analyst , 07/2011 to 01/2020
Harmon International Industries — Richardson, TX
* Created test case scenarios, executed test cases and maintained defects in intemal bug tracking systems
* Developed and executed various manual testing scenarios and exceptionally documented the process to perform functional
testing of the application
« Involved in preparing project Test cases for Functional Testing, Regression testing, Integration testing/End to End Testing.
« Prepared and Maintaining Test Plans, Test Strategy, Test Procedures, Use Cases, Test cases.
« Performed Functional testing, Integration testing, System testing, Regression testing, and Smoke Testing.
* Managed multiple OLAP and ETL projects for various testing needs.
« Performed extensive Data Validation, Data Verification against Data Warehouse.
« Asan ETL Tester responsible for the business requirements, ETL Analysis, ETL test and design of the flow and the logic for the
Data warehouse project using Informatica.
‘* Written Test Cases for ETL to compare Source and Target database systems.
« Helped the testing team documenting the system requirements and testing system development. Designed and implemented
basic SQL queries for QA testing and report/data validation. Set up definitions and process for test phases including Product,
Integration, System and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).

QA Analyst , 01/2012 to 03/2014
Prudential Financial — City, STATE

« Facilitated meetings with clients, brokers and a group of business partners to understand the needs and requirements of the new
system, prioritized and organized these requirements in a systematic fashion, evaluated and compared potential solutions.

* Reviewed ETL processes, functionality & identify test requirements and coverage.

« Prepared Test cases and scripts based on client requirements in HP Quality Center.

* Wrote very complex SQL to validate several BI Reports.
Conducted Functionality testing during various phases of the application using QTP.

* Used the SQL Plus tool to write SQL commands in the Oracle database.
Coordinated with source system owners, day-to-day ETL progress monitoring, Data warehouse target schema design (Star
Schema) and maintenance.

« Tested the reports generated by OBIE and verified and validated the reports using SQL.

« Involved in validating the reports layouts in OBIEE based on Report Layout Document

* Creation and execution of test cases on Oracle Reports and OBIE.
Tested several OBIEE reports for data quality, Report testing.

* Design complex SSIS Packages using several transformations to perform Data extraction, Data Transformation and Data Loading
to the target regulatory database.

« Implemented Event Handlers and Error Handling in SSIS packages and notified process results to various user communities,

* Managed and conducted System testing, Integration testing, and Functional testing.

« Extracted data from various sources like Oracle, flat files and SQL Server.
Worked on SQL scripts to load data in the tables in the test environment.

* Used SQL tools like TOAD to run SQL queries and validate the data loaded into the target tables
Tracked the defects using the Quality Center tool and generated defect summary reports.

* Uploaded test cases from excel documents to Quality center, and validate the same using Quality Center.
Involved in extracting the test summary from Quality Center.

‘* Mapped to-be-moved data from source to target database-using Stages to do the functionalit

 

« Tested of Data Mapping documents between source and target databases as per the transforming logic.
* Created various PL/SQL stored procedures for dropping and recreating indexes on target tables.
* Reviewed Test cases and scripts based on client requirements

Performed Manual Functional, User Interface test, and Regression test.

Involved in the Execution of test cases to verify actual results against expected results

Education

Associate of Science: Banking And Financial Support Services, 04/2010
Management Development Institute of Singapore - Tashkent