JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Summary

 

Tama committed individual with a history of meeting company needs with consistent and organized practices. Skilled in working under
pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand. Analytical problem solver and clear
communicator. 4+ years in patient support. Knowledgeable patient representative offers demonstrated skills in case management and service
coordination. Expertly handles complaints, inquiries and service questions to meet patients’ access needs and correct problems related to care.
‘Well-versed in policies, procedures and standards. Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational
skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.

Semis

 

« Financial counseling

Computer savvy

* Reporting * Medical billing
* Conflict mediation « Patient interviewing skills
# Legal compliance Problem resolution

EXPERIENCE

 

08/2022 to Current Eligibility Technician
Bump Health — Peoria, IL

+ Conducted interviews with applicants, explaining benefits process and which programs were available.

‘© Entered client information and files into databases for further review and tracking

‘+ Explained reasons behind application denials and recommended further action,

+ Performed careful reviews of applicant data to ascertain compliance with eligibility criteria for economic
assistance,

+ Conversed with people from different cultures daily, providing high level of respect and patience with each
interaction.

‘© Responded to client inquiries and concems and escalated complex problems to department supervisors.

‘© Maintained positive working relationship with fellow staff and management.

* Granted, modified, denied, or terminated assistance based on key information and eligibility determination.

‘= Informed applicants of other agencies providing useful or related assistance.

01/2019 to 07/2023 Patient Advocate
‘Sunset Grown — Salinas, CA
‘* Helped patients understand care, coverage and payment responsibilities and rights
‘* Managed database of patient information and frequently used computerized systems to track details.
+ Provided knowledgeable and compassionate service in response to patient questions and concerns.
‘* Assisted patients in selecting appropriate courses of actions and obtaining needed support.
‘* Gathered and analyzed patient information to determine special program eligibility.
‘* Analyzed accuracy and completeness of patient documents such as insurance claims, medical bills and legal
paperwork,
‘* Acted as liaison for hospital staff, physicians, patients and family members.
+ Explained policies, procedures and services to patients.

10/2018 to 12/2019 Back Receiver
‘Sunset Grown - Madison, ME

‘* Operated forklifts, balers and compactors to move products to appropriate areas in stockroom or warehouse

** Picked products and stocked shelves to fulfill customer orders

‘* Used handheld scanners to scan and label incoming shipments.

‘* Read packing slips to accurately fill orders, wrapping, weighing and loading items for shipping

‘* Sorted damaged products to send back to appropriate vendors for reimbursement or refund.
Conducted visual inspections and analyzed stock conditions for rotating products to maximize quality.
Labeled, packed, sealed and affixed postage on materials to prepare for shipping.
Contacted carrier representatives to coordinate shipping arrangements and issue instructions for delivery of
materials.

Created receipts for shipments and invoices.

‘© Unpacked and examined incoming shipments to confirm consistency with records and routed materials to
appropriate department.

‘* Performed inspections of shipment contents, verifying accuracy against invoices and manifests.

‘© Worked with carrier representatives to handle shipping and delivery needs.

+ Coordinated with carrier representatives to arrange and issue instructions for shipping and delivery of materials

‘* Coordinated resolutions to independently handle damages, shortages and nonconformance.

01/2017 to 11/2018 Sales Associate
Torrid Clothing Store — City, STATE
‘* Operated cash register, collected payments and provided accurate change.
© Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.
‘* Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
+ Asranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and move overstock
items
* Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application or usage.
‘* Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.
* Reviewed files, recordings and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.
‘* Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices
‘* Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.
+ Built trusting relationships with customers by making personal connections
‘* Assisted teammates with sales-processing tasks to meet daily sales goals
‘+ Answered incoming telephone calls to provide store, products and services information,
‘© Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.
‘* Engaged positively with each customer, providing professional and polite support for sales and service needs.
‘* Answered customer questions and responded quickly to problems and complaints in person, on phone and by
email
* Kept calm and applied strong problem-solving and interpersonal skills to resolve conflicts
‘* Answered customers’ questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone.

01/2015 to 01/2018 Sales Associate
Company Name - City, State
* Operated cash register, collected payments and provided accurate change.
© Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum productivity.
‘* Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.
+ Asranged new merchandise with signage and appealing displays to encourage customer sales and move overstock
items
‘* Built and maintained relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success.
* Reviewed files, recordings and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.
‘* Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices
« Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers.
‘+ Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and promotions.
+ Built trusting relationships with customers by making personal connections
‘* Met merchandise processing standards and maintained organized and accessible work area
‘© Worked with fellow sales team members to achieve group targets.
‘* Engaged positively with each customer, providing professional and polite support for sales and service needs.
‘* Pursued and generated customer leads as well as engaged in follow up activities to gain new client accounts.
‘* Answered customer questions, shared product knowledge and researched pricing and availability.
Interacted with customers to understand particular needs and identify products and services best suited to helping in
achieving goals.
Stayed up to date on company products and services to support sales objectives.
Kept calm and applied strong problem-solving and interpersonal skills to resolve conflicts
Increased revenue by skillfully upselling and closing customer sales and driving product benefits around client
needs.
Built and removed different displays and specific products based on customer requirements and promotional needs.
Stayed up-to-date on latest trends in sales promotions, product updates and service changes.
‘© Trained and supported new sales representatives.

Epucation Np TRAINING

 

06/2012 High School Diploma
Horizon School - La Quinta, CA