William Kaye

Business Analyst

A motivated business analyst with 4+ years of experience. Eager to aid Arkham Technologies in
solving industry problems, as well as crafting and executing strategic initiatives. In previous roles
saved $0.5 million by redesigning a client's data system, and identified a bottleneck generating
20% loss of revenue.

‘sonal Info .
Experience
Pa
POLAT} 2016 - Senior Business Analyst
2017 Xytras Media Inc.
+ Developed user stories and to-be process flows to support the design and
development of Salesforce solutions for the clients.
ntl + Worked collaboratively with team members to design solutions that met clients’
a a business requirements and fulfil user stories.
bcs + Participated in key meetings with clients including requirement sessions,
Roce ag system demos, user acceptance testing, and end-user training.
* Configured Salesforce and other CRM products (including workflows, validation
BS) rules, and security controls).
7 Key achievements:
Sue + Led a team assigned to a $5M project that delivered an enterprise data
ee warehouse.
Requirement elicitation (JAD, BRD) + Saved $0.5 million by redesigning a client's data system.
2014 - Junior Business Analyst
2016 LaBeouf & Wheaton
+ Supported the development of sales and operations strategy, setting priorities
Te eel and executing operational plans.
eee + Engaged and worked with 3 aligned teams (sales, account management, and
eyecemnchetits operations) to more effectively achieve data needs and analysis results.
+ Managed 5 concurrent projects and drove them to completion with minimal
guidance.
“SSTMTANEZLT + Drove process improvement and managed all aspects of Salesforce CRM (incl.
bl workflow, reporting, data integrity, and maintenance).
Senet Key achievement:
Ee + Developed and maintained sales analytics reports and dashboards to provide
7 actionable insights that support data-driven decision-making for the sales and
Collaboration executive leadership teams. Identified a bottleneck generating 20% loss of
ee revenue.
ecm
es Education
Languages 2008 BA, Business Economics, University of California, Los
poet Angeles UCLA
el GPA: 3.9
‘Advanced Relevant coursework:
+ Economics 106
©aniD + Management 180
— + English Composition 131B.
fee
Certificates

 

Business Analytics Certificate—Stanford University

Level 3 Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP)