SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

 

AFFILIATIONS

 

SKILLS

 

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Reliable Customer Service Representative with extensive track record in demanding sales and account
management environments.

Personable and responsible Cashier with 2 years in retail and customer service. Solid team player with
upbeat, positive attitude

Results-driven with proven ability to establish rapport with clients.

‘+ Strong organizational skills + Account management

+ Active listening skills + Results-oriented

‘+ Sharp problem solver + Selt-directed

+ Energetic work attitude + Time management

+ Resourceful + Strong problem solver

+ Dedicated team player + Strong interpersonal skills

+ Customer Assistance

‘+ Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks,
working overtime as needed

+ Quality Communication

‘+ Interacted with 50+ affiliate stations in US and Puerto Rico, ensuring reliable and high-speed delivery to
residential and small-business customers

‘+ Computed Data Reports

+ Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records

+ Customer Service

+ Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.

+ Sales

+ Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.

+ Product Sales

+ Cross-sold services at a rate of 30%, upgrading customers to different plans and product packages

+ Market Research

‘+ Interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs

+ Customer Interface

‘+ Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.

‘+ Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.

+ Multitasking

+ Cashiered with two cash registers at once in tandem to maximize customer flow.

‘+ Database Maintenance

‘+ Assisted in the managing of the company database and verified, edited and modified members’
information.

ACCOUNTANT 2014 to 05/2015
Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. | Eastlake, OH

Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts while under tight deadlines.
Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes
Tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests.

Aligned all financial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.

Thoroughly reviewed financial statements and tax audits to correct any discrepancies.
Managed cash stock and inventory balances accurately.

Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations

Processed and issued money orders for customers.

MiCRKETING AND SALES 03/2013 to 10/2013
Ces Medical | Arlington, TX

Contributed to relevant conferences and events both off-line and online to increase brand awareness.
Analyzed ratings and programming features of competitors to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing
strategies

Managed both inbound and outbound marketing campaigns to generate new business and to support partner
and sales teams.

Coordinated pre-show and post-show activities at trade shows.

Coordinated monthly and quarterly marketing and community events, such as aitel mobile money and online
banking.

Presented on current promotions to the public at events and tradeshows

Implemented and evolved high-impact strategies to target new business opportunities and new markets.
Successfully interacted with customers and retail buyers to expedite orders

CLOTOMER SERVICE 2012 to 2013
Hea | Lake Toxaway, NC

Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges.
Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity

Organized weekly sales reports for the sales department to track product success

Attended local, regional and national trade shows for product development training as defined by territory
needs

Worked under strict deadlines and responded to service requests and emergency cal-outs

Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via mail, e-mail and fax.
Successfully interacted with customers and retail buyers to expedite orders

Assisted customers with store and product complaints.

Processed and issued money orders for customers.

Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service

ACCHINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 2010 to 07/2011
Stella And Brothers | City, STATE
‘+ Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team
conferences
+ Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person
requests for information
‘+ Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion
‘+ Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.
‘+ Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.
‘+ Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.
‘+ Supplied key cards and building access to employees and visitors
+ Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence
+ Created weekly and monthly reports and presentations
‘+ Managed the day-to-day calendar for the company's senior director.

Associate of Arts | international business 2013
MAKERERE UNIVERSITY BUSINESS SCHOOL, kampala, kampala
Coursework in Business, Marketing and Communications

MAKERERE BUSINESS SCHOOL.

Professional and friendly
Careful and active listener.
Multitasking

Strong public speaker
Cash handling

‘Account management
creative.

Customer service

Time management.
Telephone skils.