Summary

JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

 

Employee-focused Human Resources Representative/Recruiter with detailed knowledge of organizational human resources policies, services
and practices. Essential facilitator of key operational details relevant to company onboarding and exit procedures, assisting employees with
smooth transitions on either end. Accommodating Recruiter focused on sourcing high-quality candidates and minimizing tumover to enhance
team productivity. Coordinated and organized professional with 2 years of vast experience managing employee relations activities in fast-
paced, growing company. Attentive listener committed to building strong, trusting relationships with staff and management. Reliable with
experience in managing day-to-day operations and fulfilling organization staffing needs. A proven leader with a track record of executing
priority tasks and optimizing workflow. A team player with excellent communication skills, high quality of work, driven, and highly self-
motivated. Capable of handling multiple projects with a high degree of accuracy, keen attention to detail, and strong organizational skills.

Semis

 

« SHRM SCP Certified (2022)

© Type 65 WPM

* Proficient with MS Office and Publisher
* Notary

* Team Player

+ Time Management

* Conflict Management

* Public speaking

* Data analytics

* Critical thinker and innovative problem solver
* Personnel Engagement

© Affirmative Action

* Benefits Administrator

+ Employment Recordkeeping

‘* In-Person and Telephone Interviewing

« Employee Hiring

* Affirmative Action Guidelines

+ New Hire Onboarding

* Decision Making

« Human Resources Management Systems

EXPERIENCE

Employment Data Tracking
Performance Appraisal

Employee Relations

Work Complaint Handling

Candidate Searching

Employee Orientation

Recruitment Management

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)
HR Policy/Procedure Development
HR Information Systems

Confidential Document Control
Talent Acquisition

Performance Management

Workplace Diversity Cultivation
Staff Training and Development
Benefits Administration

Customer Relations

Microsoft Office Suite
Compassionate supervisor and mentor
Taleo

 

12/2018 to Current

Human Resources Representative/Recruiter
Aew Capital Management — Los Angeles, CA

‘* Assists the local and corporate HR offices with designing affirmative action reports, processing federal withholding
forms, and enacting emergency action plans

«* Performs onboarding and orientations for new employees, completes new hire forms 19, W4,

‘* Withholding Certificate, and Personal Data Form

‘© Creates and maintains a positive and responsive work environment by designing employee events and diversity
outreach coordinator liaison with clients for potential new employees

‘ Serves as the wellness coordinator responsible for implementing annual flu clinic, organizing wellness biometric
health screenings, and administering health club discount programs

‘* Office Space allocation, Open new requisitions

‘* Assist the local and corporate HR Department with various HR-related tasks; use corporate systems to maintain
employee records and process personnel actions

‘* Answer basic policy and procedure questions as needed

‘* Schedule and coordinate interviews, presentations, meetings, training sessions, and conference calls,

‘* Demonstrate knowledge of HDR policies and procedure

+ Assist employees with benefit-related questions and issues, and refer more complex questions to Corporate HR

‘* Completed onboarding and new hire orientation for employees.

+ Planned and conducted new employee onboarding.

+ Assisted with outreach and recruitment activities to acquire qualified talent.

‘= Prepared data and produced various reports using HRIS system.

‘* Enforced compliance with federal, state and local employment regulations and laws from EEO to ADA.

+ Established and maintained trusted relationships around organization to optimize business and employee
experience,

‘© Maintained human resources records by processing applications and resumes.

‘* Delivered inquiry-related data and insights to improve overall employee experience.

+ Participated in educational opportunities and read technical publications, updating job knowledge

Partnered with senior HR team to communicate company standards and policies.

‘* Speatheaded diversity, equity and inclusion efforts to meet company diversity goals.

‘ Provided essential support to address individual HR needs of employees.

‘© Safeguarded human resource information, maintaining employee confidence and protecting operations.

+ Established and generated various reports to verify HR compliance

‘* Assisted with recruitment initiatives by interviewing and talent sourcing.

‘© Worked cross-functionally to optimize efficiency and execute on HR business processes

‘= Assisted candidates with application processes by answering questions about application, performing background
checks, providing 1-9 forms and handling drug screening paperwork.

12/2012 to 12/2017 Administrative Assistant

‘Served as the wellness coordinator responsible for implementing the annual flu clinic, organizing wellness
biometric health screenings, and administering health club discount programs

+ Liaison for building management troubleshooting any real estate issues

‘* Diversity Outreach coordinator for all NY/NJ offices

‘* Assisted the local and corporate HR offices in designing affirmative action reports, processed federal withholding
forms, and enacted emergency action plans.

12/2011 to 12/2012 Paralegal

Genesco Inc ~ City, STATE

+ Prepared bill of motions, discovery, summons, complaints, discontinuance stipulation, and closing documents for
settlements and trial preparations

** Utilized Lexis/Nexus and Westlaw for legal research

‘* Obtained medical records and visit summaries from treating physicians

‘* Maintained and updated automated files

+ Assisted clients in obtaining referrals for Epidurals, surgical procedures, MRIs,

# Radiology, etc.

Epucation Np TRAINING

12/2020

 

Bachelor of Science: Human Resources Management
Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH

Dean's List (2020)
‘* Minor in English