Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ¢ (555) 432-1000  resumesampleGexample.com

Summary
Ive been a house wife for many years and have learned to hold down a fort with my wifely duties as well as my job duties. In 2016 I
became interested in Journalism and decided to take some courses and educate myself on this line of career. I've been volunteering
my time since I was 12 years old as we have, take your child to work day, and that's when my journey began volunteering. I
volunteered my time during the summers from 8am-4:30pm Monday-Friday and eventually got ajob when I was 15 years old. I went,
into a program for school which allowed me to go to school until 11am and then go straight to work which I would work until
4:30pm making $2.00 and hour and after my first two weeks of working I received a $.50 raise. I worked in Medical Records some
days, and then I would work under Jay Amold who was Selby's CEO. I was his secretary helping with paper work and payroll. He
‘was one of my references for work. I would also work in Pharmacy with Becky Hartline and Mr. Brinster. They also were my
references for the job I would eventually get when turing 16. I enjoy being challenged because that's when I feel as though I'm
achieving the impossible. My goals are to eventually have my own podcast to speak about events that are taking place and to educate
people on the importance of staying alert with world events. I can offer insights on the importance of doing what you love and loving
what you do. A career is something we all should push for and long to have. Educating ourselves in different areas is more beneficial
because we become more of an asset not only to our employer's but also to our society. I try learning as much as I can because it not
only helps ourselves but others as well. The more one knows the more money we can save ourselves and our companies. I dream big

but not unrealistic dreams, as I set out to achieve my goals. When we work hard, we get great results!

Skills
* Critical Thinking and Analysis « Judgement and Decision Making
* Decision Making * Financial Controls
« Effective and Professional Communication, * Problem Solving
* Flexible and Adaptable * Active Learning
* Positive Team Player * Results Orientation
* Accounting Management Assessment © Clear Communication
* Accounting Records Analysis * Deadline Attainment
* Payroll Management * Creative Thinking
« Relationship Building * Journal Entries
* Attention to Detail * Coaching and Mentoring
« Repost Preparation * Transaction Recording
« Reliability and Integrity Improvement * Teamwork and Coordination
* Processing Checks and Invoices * Worker Interviews
* Verbal and Written Communication * Goal Development
« Financial Projections + Work Organization and Prioritization
« Journal Entry Preparation * Team Development and Building
* Cash Analysis + Employee Motivation
* Payroll Auditing * Conflict Resolution
* Personnel Recordkeeping Review * General Ledger
* Document Recordkeeping * Financial Data Analysis
« Financial Statements * Paperwork Processing
« Financial and Regulatory Consulting * Team Collaboration
* Monthly and Annual Journal Entries * Relationship Development
« Financial Statements Review * Administrative Oversight
* Account Reconciliation * Conflict Negotiation
« Financial Reporting + Time Management
* Accounts Payable « Staff Training

Experience

Accountant, 06/2010 to 08/2014

‘Ike Group - Honolulu, HI

Iwas responsible for printing letters to our partners which included; printing letters that went with their prayer requests. Data entry;
entering data from letters we received from partners and making sure they received the proper letter that went with their requests,
entering in the amount of money that was sent to the Ministry by the partner. Accounting; counting all money that came into the
Ministry and entering into the system. Making sure the amount of money a partner sent was entered into their account to keep
records so the end of the year they would receive a letter indicating how much they gave. Keep all financial records and filing all
paper work. Keeping record of prayer cloths that went out and praying over every one that came in. Records were personal so
therefore, it was my responsibility to make sure only those in charge were allowed to know about their situation and account. I
worked on the prayer lines on Friday mornings which included, answering calls that came in and praying with them as they
requested. I would then take all the requests forms back to my office and enter into system. I was also responsible for all requests that
were called in from the prayer line and making sure they received the merchandise that was requested, I also had to boot the system
first thing in the morning to make sure we were able to use our computers. I would often times volunteer my time to finish up any
projects we were working on to make sure the job got done in a timely manner and to keep overtime limited. I was also responsible
for VBS (Vocational Bible School) and making sure all funds were entered into the computer to show the partner (s) had paid and
printing up any and all paperwork they would need. I would also help my fellow employees by helping as a secretary for the front
desk and answering phone calls and directing them to the proper place/person. Making sure all monies added up with statements
and if not finding the discrepancies. Anywhere I was needed I would help. Unfortunately, the Ministry decided to close their doors
and we had to leave. Ifnot for that reason, I would still be there to this day!

Volunteer Prayer Line Clerk, 01/2007 to 06/2010

Burger King Corporation — Prattville, AL

I wanted to help in the Ministry so I offered to volunteer my time, Monday-Saturday 4pm-12am and Sunday 1pm-10pm. We didn't
have night service so it agreed to helping them out. If anyone needed time off I would come in for them. I answered the phone and
listened to people as they asked for prayer and would pray with them according to their requests. If anyone would want any
products we were selling I would write it down and send over to our Products manager. I would also have lists of people to call that
we haven't heard from in a while to check up with them. I would have to document who I was able to get in touch with and
depending on the reasoning I wasn't able to make contact, [would call them back. I had to do paper work and keep note of the
prayer that was requested so they would later receive a letter with scriptures to encourage them. Little did I know volunteering on
the prayer line would eventually lead me to the job I first listed.

Assistant Manager, 09/2004 to 04/2006

Movie Gallery - City, STATE

“My job was to oversee the store and to make sure all employees were doing their job and completing tasks that were given. [had to
print up labels for new movies that came in and make sure they all had cases to go in to and ready to be put on the shelves Tuesday
morning before open. [had to do over night inventory with the Store Manager. I was responsible for opening which included;
booting up the systems, turning all tvs on to make sure new movies were being promoted, taking money to the bank, opening doors
at 10am, making sure the store was clean from the night before, checking all movies in from the drop box and putting them up,
calling customers regarding late fees, resolving any issues we had, if any. When I closed I was responsible for making sure store was
dlean, all movies were put up before leaving, all registers were closed and counted, making sure all monies were accounted for,
cleaning store, turning off all electronic devices, doors locked and secured, system was properly shut down so paper work would be
available in the morning for whoever opened including myself. In April 2006 I relocated with my fiance who works in the oilfield,
Although, I was willing to make the commute, there was rumors circulating about Movie Gallery closing their doors and
unfortunately they did.

Education and Training

Accounting And Business Management

Marietta College - Marietta, OH

Unfortunately, I wasn't able to complete my degree as my parents went through a divorce and I was forced to move to away.
However, I already had some accounting background and not too long after leaving, Imoved to Texas, where I started my journey. I

have much training in accounting and business management as I was given the opportunity to work under some great mentors.