EDUCATION

Bachelor Multimedia Design
Kask "School of arts" Gent
2010 - Present

Master 's degree in
International Economics and
Management

PX oa R Ol esiN
2009 - 2010

INDUSTRY EXPERTISE

AASHTO Pavement ME Design
el

Synchro 8
a )

MicroStation V8i
oe}

STRENGTHS

Sane caeclanclg

With knowledge, patience,
Ce CORK R fol Rel)
Corot Net M-Net MOL (oll et TT}

Sli e-1n-i(e

Not all things come easy. You
need to know when to back-
down and when to push and
fight for something. Knowing
when to do what is the
difference between realism and
idealism. You need a healthy
balance of both.

Persuasive and influencial

Being well-trained in the
psychology of influence and
oleae Ee ale
psychology and behavioral
economics i can persuade and
influence people with the goal
to achieve my department's
goals regardless of resistance.

Powered by (CX? Enhancu

 

TAYLOR FOSTER

Graphic Designer

name@gmail.com France, India, Norway, United Kingdom

SUMMARY

A graphic designer with 10 years of experience, | specialize in creating beautiful graphics
that convey your message clearly and effectively.

| have a strong portfolio of work that includes logos, brochures, flyers, advertisements,
and more. | am adept at using Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator to create stunning visuals
that will help your business reach its full potential.

EXPERIENCE

Developer, Designer, Lead & Solution Architect 2018 - Present

France, India, Norway,
United Kingdom

Reilly Group

Reilly Group is a global IT services and solutions provider across various industries in

various IT domains

* Selected as one of top participants for an 18-months professional development
program with Texas Instruments.

* Designed the layer system to enable usability in 3D

* Freelance audio designer since 2001, produced top quality audio for 400+ video
games

* Involved in RNP AR Approach conceptual design to RIGA International Airport ICAO
Code: EVRA RWY 18 and RWY 36

* Project-oriented examination design for the large (40+) groups

Lead Website Designer 2014 - 2018

Bernier France, India, Norway,
United Kingdom

Bernier is an online platform dedicated to helping students with CAT Exam preparation

* Designed and 50+ Mobile Apps with running condition on Google Play Store

* Coordinated and execute 3 successful releases to achieve near zero touch
deployment

UI/UX Designer 2013 - 2014

Schmeler France, India, Norway,
United Kingdom

Schmeler is a mapping platform that allows you to plot your story by location with

pictures and videos.

* Planned and designed plant layout drawings in 2D or 3D as requested by engineering
department

* Managed store wide business-to-business sales practices and performance metrics
to 200% annual revenue growth

* Managed and achieved ISO 9001 certification process as the quality management
representative

ACHIEVEMENTS

Building a platform
Crowd funding a documentary on Kickstarter.com for over $100k.

Ss

 

Zz Leading edge skill-set

Developing a leading edge skill-set is crucial in the digital era.

Ambition
Balancing a successful career and family

www.enhancv.com