THOMAS CLARK
Address Telephone E-mail
AVIATION INDUSTRY CONSULTANT
Focus of Interest: Part-time Position for Military, Civil Air Transport and Business Jet Aviation Results-oriented, dedicated and dynamic professional with more than 30 years of strong experience in military, ovi air transport and business aviation avionics and mechanical subsystems marketing and product support. Proven success in identifying new markets and product applications and resolving inefficient procedures and processes. Adept at completing demanding projects within strict deadlines, with outstanding talent in personnel management, team building and optimizing individual and group productivity. Possess excellent communication, organization, troubleshooting and documentation skills, with exceptional ability to build rapport with people of diverse cultures and backgrounds.
✓ Program and Project Leadership Strategic and Tactical Business Planning Aerospace Maintenance Engineering
CORE COMPETENCIES
✓ Continuous Quality Improvement Team Coaching and Mentoring Personnel and Logistics Management
SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Successfully won the F-35 electric power system (EPS) award and defended award against two attempts by competitors to displace Hamilton Sundstrand. Program valued at over $4 billion in revenue. Recognized by the customer as Outstanding Supplier of the Year for the F-35 EPS.
Successfully achieved the environmental control system upgrade award for the Citation X business jet. The upgrade improved system reliablity and reduced warranty costs thereby improving profit margins for the company. Achieved continuing awards for the development of a new technology micro-turbo jet engine. This provided CRAD funding for the company, which resulted in winning two missile propulsion system programs.
Displaced the incumbent for the USMC H-1 upgrade program auxillary power unit while maintaining market pricing. Won and managed the F-16 radar reliability improvement warranty contract for Westinghouse Electric Company, Successfully improved the reliability of the F-16 radar making it the first tactical fighter radar to exceed a 100 hour mean time between failure minimizing Westinghouse and customer repair costs.
Selected as the first avionics maintenance officer for the USAF E-3A Airborne Warning and Control Aircraft (AWAC). Led the site survey team of European airfields for location of the first AWAC operational site in Europe. Skilfully negotiated with the E-3A radar manufacture to resolve reliability shortfall of the radar system, resulting in significant reliability improvements of the system and reduced maintenance manpower costs.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MARKETING MANAGER, HAMILTON SUNDSTRAND, Fort Worth, TX
1996-Present
Serve as regional manager and oversee both military and business aviation customer accounts for all product lines. Manage, nurture and establish positive relationship with customers' executive management, program management, engineering and procurement teams to win and sustain programs and to resolve conflicts.
Provide and administer authoritative direction to functional managers to successfully guide major program pursuits utilizing a thorough knowledge of customer requirements and strategic planning.
HIGHLIGHTS:
Won several major programs through executing effective and direct customer negotiations, understanding customer needs, organization and corporate culture, and encouraging senior management involvement as necessary.
■ Managed and won the F-35 electric power system program for Hamilton Sundstrand and doubled the original development contract value through additional awards for system upgrades.
• Successfully negotiated changes to the contract terms of F-16 electrical generating system to terms more favorable to Hamilton Sundstrand which improved profit margins.
• Administered the displacing of incumbent for the auxiliary power unit on the USMC H-1 helicopter upgrade program improving market share while protecting Hamilton Sundstrand's market pricing
OWNER, MANUFACTURERS' REPRESENTATIVE, JCDI, Bedford, TX
1995-1996
Productively managed an independent consulting company and functioned as regional representative for dients in the aerospace, electro-optical surveilance and security, and industrial equipment industries. Strategically implemented effective sales and marketing strategies, and introduced clients' products and services to new markets resulting in increased sales and profitability of client companies.
HIGHLIGHTS:
■Successfully operated a profitable business.
Won new landing gear overhaul contracts from Raytheon Aircraft and Southwest Airlines for Dawty Aerospace. •Developed, sold and managed installation of commercial process control equipment. •Developed the marketing strategy for a new electro-optical security enterprise.
Page 1 of 2