PERSONAL INFO

Address
Mumbai, India

Phone
+91-9876543210

Email
anirudh@gmail.com

LinkedIn
www.linkedin.com/in/anirudh

SKILLS

Project Management

Risk Management

Financial Management

Strategic Planning

Quality Assurance

Documentation

Leadership Skills

Negotiation Skills

Communication Skills

COURSES

Financial Aspects of IT Project
Planning
Indian Institute Of Technology

 

 
  
  

ANIRUDH
SETH

IT Program Manager

A highly accomplished and results-driven IT Program Manager with 7+ years of
experience leading complex technology initiatives to drive organizational
growth and success. A strategic thinker with a deep understanding of IT project
management possessing a track record of successfully delivering large-scale
programs on time and within budget.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

 

IT Program Manager | Nov 2021 - Present
Syska Technologies, Mumbai

e Identifying potential risks and threats to current and future programs, often
in collaboration with senior managers.

¢ Taking ownership of program and project budgets and managing overall
delivery of them.

e Producing program reports for department heads, directors, end users and
other stakeholders.

e Planning future program activity, including consultations with project
sponsors, analysis of requirements and arranging timeframes.

e Managing program and project teams to ensure completion on time and
within budget.

IT Project Coordinator | Jul 2018 - Oct 2021
Salvatore Industries, Mumbai

* Coordinated project management activities, resources, equipment, and
information and broke projects into doable actions while setting realistic
project timeframes.

e Assisted with schedule management and ensured clients’ needs were met
as projects evolved.

e Analyzed risks and opportunities furthermore acted as the point of contact
and communication, relaying project status information to relevant parties.

e Issued appropriate paperwork and created as well as maintained
comprehensive project documentation, plans, and reports.

IT Project Analyst | May 2016 - Jun 2018
Dos Corporation, Mumbai

¢ Contributed to project planning, budgeting, and overall strategy.

¢ Conducted and presented a feasibility analysis for proposed projects.

e Analysed project data and produced insights to optimize performance.

e Provided operational support such as liaising with stakeholders, tracking
timelines, etc.

EDUCATION

 

B. Tech in Informational Technology | 2016
Symbiosis School of Technologies, Pune