JAMES SULLIVAN

(69 Gillvrey Road # Raleigh, North Carolina 83970 # (28) 577-0299
sullivaniscomcast.net

 

PRIVATE BANKING ... COMMERCIAL LENDING ... MANAGEMENT

Consistent achievements as atop producer — increasing revenues, portfolios and profits through expertise
in business development, relationship building, exceptional service follow up. Strategic planning, sales
and marketing experience combine with qualifications insta development, coaching and management
todive and deliver performance results. Licenses: NASD Series 7 and 6°.

 

PROFESSIONAL. EXPERIENCE & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
FIRSTBANK, New York, New York (1999-presont)

 

 

ice President, Business Development Oricer, Private Clients Group (2000-present)

Private Banker (1999-2000)

Cultivate and manage new and existing cliont relationships of high-net-worth individuals and their

related businesses, Develop sales plan for each relationship to provide an array of services

investment management, estate planning, credit and personal banking, products. Continually expand

:wferral network through contact with various internal business partners anxl extemal financial

intermediaries, Coordinate events/seminars for new business development

Results

4+ Successful track rvord of foe generation Unrough sale oF investment management accounts,
surpassing industry benchmark for the market: $6 million in 2000 to $18 million in 2004

4+ Selected based on product expertise and sales result to train business development officers of
‘newly acquired organization In private equity investment products,

+ Recognized for top sales performance in 1999, generating, over $4 million in fees

BANK OF NEW YORK, New York, New York (1989-1996)

Fast-track advancement through progressively responsible postions in Private Banking, FirstBank acguired
Banik of New Yorkin 1995,

Vice President and Unit Manager, Private Bank

 

Group (1993-199)

Promoted to provide management direction to 2 business units with combined portfolios of $25

million in deposits loans and assets under management. Designed and exocutet successful

relationship banking marketing plan forthe sale of credit, trust (investment management and estate

planning) and transaction produlcts/services. Developed, coached and supervised am of 8

relationship managers and administrative assistants,

Results

+ Evaluated and improved quality ofthe portfolios at both offices; credited for consistently
‘maintaining the highest quality portfolios, which included managing highly sensitive corporate
relationships.

4+ Achieved revenue and customer retention goals while increasing client profitability through
‘eationship building, outstanding service delivery, cross selling, and referral development

+ Contributed $1.5 millon annually in fees throug referal business to various banking divisions
‘within the company.

 

continued.