SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

 

EDUCATION

 

Jessica Claire

© 100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor %2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Results driven Operations Manager with 23 years of experience leading and training teams. Proven ability to
develop, streamline , implement process and procedure. Well versed in managing all aspects of procurement,
scheduling, project management, budget analysis, and system design review by utilizing technical knowledge
with meticulous attention to detail. Broad industry experience includes Production, Smart Home Automation,
Audio & Video, Security, Surveillance, Light Control, Shade Solutions and Control Systems through all phases
of the project life cycle from sales to transition to service. Strong managerial attributes, time-management and
communication skills. Well versed computer skills and extensive knowledge on both PC and Mac.

Savant, Crestron, Controla and Lutron trained,
knowledge of IOT and smart home devices,
system design, electrical engineering, low
voltage and networking.

Excellent working knowledge in infrastructure,
engineering and implementation of entire whole
home solutions to include lighting control,
shading systems, audio, video, surveillance

Skilled in the usage of: Windows and Apple
based platforms, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint
and Excel

Expert on customer relationship management
and networking.

Excellent organizational planning, project
management and communication skills
Strong work ethic, highly motivated, sett-

systems, security, control systems, network
infrastructure, access control, and related
technologies

17 years of successful leadership experience
and training from military and DOD
organizations.

Analyze installed AV equipment and control
systems for ease of operation and effectiveness.

disciplined

PROJECT MANAGERIOPERATIONS MANAGER 03/2019 to 03/2022

Swisslog | Oslo, MN

‘+ Successfully Managed the close out of $20 Million in projects in the past 33 months to include closing
out The Independent high rise tower in downtown Austin, TX that resulted in approximately $6 million in
revenue. Seen through to completion over 140 projects closing out over $20 Million in revenue.
Created and implemented a Fleet Management Program for approximately $1 million in fleet assets that
resulted in increased uptime, and an accurate holistic view of fleet operating expenses, and 100%
safety compliance

Created and implemented a weekly training program consisting of weekly 1 hour course consisting of
internal led and vendor led events open to all company departments fostering a culture of cross-trained
teams as well as opening up additional potential career paths for teams members

Developed a Key Control Program securing access to over $3 million in company assets by
documenting and monitoring chain of custody of all keys.

Coached and Mentored team of 14 production and project coordination members increasing efficiency,
overall margin and total output of teams

Regularly partnered with engineering teams to improve system design based on lessons learned from
the field as well as identifying ways to increase field efficiency from streamline designs and drawings.
Created Checklists for field activities and site walks to assist field teams improving time management
and lowering error rates.

Created Forms and SOP's for Project Managers and Operations to improve the use of time, budget,
and lowering error rates

Created standard engineering deliverables checklists for project coordinators and PM's to follow during
process flow execution.

Partnered with Engineering to include data from field on true costs of internal D-Tools packages to
improve business profitability and proper allocation of resource hours.

Created and implemented SOP for substantial completion that included identifying punch-list items,
collection of final billing, client tutorials, and transition to service before leaving site.

Streamlined SKU count for High Rise Tower Projects by 30% identifying SKU's that accomplished the
‘same end result with lowered costs, increased operational efficiency and creating additional space for
other SKU's critical for project completion.

Identified logistical inefficiencies while PM for The Independent High Rise Tower correcting and
improving tower processes doubling weekly output of individual condo project close outs.

STORE MANAGER 03/2018 to 03/2019

Cspi | Tampa, FL
‘+ Responsible for achieving sales revenue increase from $20K a month to $250K per month in the first 12

months of new store opening

Was instrumental in building Control4 certified show room

Design and integrated low voltage specialty systems in residential and commercial environments.

Integrated smart devices to communicate with one interface for ease of use by the end user.

Conducted wireless site surveys to design and optimize network infrastructures.

Interpreted electrical and mechanical schematics, blueprints and diagrams.

Conducted room acoustic analysis, designed critical listening environments and home theater.

‘Troubleshoot and diagnosed system malfunctions developing timely courses of action of repair.

Planned and presented training for local design center to develop peers

Visited client's homes, conducting consultations, developing budgets, and proposing systems

Generated scopes of work detailing product, hardware, system design, signal flow, methods of device

communication, final look and feel of the system

Acted as single point of contact for clients before, during, and after consultation, sale, and installation.

Hands on and personal care with client management, developing relationships ensuring the client

experiences World Class Service

Solid understanding of general electrical and construction principles executing projects according to

current National Electrical Code and Uniform Building Code standards

Responsible for store merchandising, Area of Responsibilities, personal developments and other

operational duties as assigned.

SYOTEM DESIGNER
Fidelity Investments | Alpharetta, GA

12/2015 to 12/2017

‘+ Responsible for achieving sales target in revenue, margin, installation, services, and solutions.
Design and integrated low voltage specialty systems in residential and commercial environments.
Integrated smart devices to communicate with one interface for ease of use by the end user.
Conducted wireless site surveys to design and optimize network infrastructures.

Interpreted electrical and mechanical schematics, blueprints and diagrams.

Conducted room acoustic analysis, designed critical listening environments and home theater.
‘Troubleshoot and diagnosed system malfunctions developing timely courses of action of repair.
Planned and presented training for local design center to develop peers

Visiting client's homes, conducting consultations, developing budgets, and proposing systems.
Generate scopes of work detailing product, hardware, system design, signal flow, methods of device
communication, final look and feel of the system

Acted as single point of contact for clients before, during, and after consultation, sale, and installation.
Hands on and personal care with client management, developing relationships ensuring the client
experiences World Class Service

Solid understanding of general electrical and construction principles executing projects according to
current National Electrical Code and Uniform Building Code standards

Responsible for store merchandising, Area of Responsibilities, personal developments and other
operational duties as assigned.

ALOIO ENGINEER AND INSTALLER
Army | City, STATE

09/2006 to 03/2015

‘+ Consultation with project managers to assess acoustical requirements for live sound events both indoor
and outdoor.

Coordination with producers and artists to determine positioning, adjusting, tuning and operation of
recording and amplification

Applied technical knowledge to achieved desired results and vision of artists objectives

Monitoring and detection of sound quality deviation or matfunction, Anticipating and correcting audio
related issues.

Maintaining and repair related equipment.

Audio editing and mix down to include 5.1 audio

Trained students on the use of DAW's two most widely taught, Pro Tools and Ableton.

Integrating (synchronization) of pre-recorded audio (dialogue, sound effects and music) with visual
content.

Re-recording and synchronizing audio (post-syncing),

Mixing and balancing speech, effects and music.

Creating and altering sound effects for use in films, television, etc.

Assessing acoustics of a performance area and assembling and operating the necessary equipment
Consulting with producers and performers to determine sound requirements.

Selecting, positioning, adjusting and operating equipment used for amplification and recording
Applying technical knowledge of sound recording equipment to achieve the determined artistic
objectives

Recording sound onto digital audio tape or hard disk recorders.

Monitoring audio signals to detect sound-quality deviations or malfunctions

Anticipating and correcting any problems.

Maintaining and repairing sound equipment

Support and maintain video conference equipment and audio systems

Analyze installed AV equipment and control systems for ease of operation and effectiveness and make
recommendations for upgrading or replacing systems and equipment

Maintain conference room, event AV systems and equipment, including mixers, mics, and various
recording equipment.

SCQJAD LEADER
Company Name | City, State

1996 to 08/2011

‘+ Led military police teams in support of battlefield operations.
Coordinated training schedules and filed crucial administrative paperwork

Lead military police squad, medium-sized section (12-24 people), detachment, or platoon

Assisted in planning, organizing, directing, supervising, training, coordinating, and reporting activities of
subordinates

Organized work schedules, assigned duties, and instructed personnel in techniques and procedures.
Evaluated personnel performance including monitoring improvements and custom planning for
advancement for each subordinate

Bachelor of Science | Audio Engineering 2015
The Art Institute of Austin, Austin, Tx

Graduated ahead of peers