MARCUS HALL

Information Technology Director
\ 1-202-774-7634 @ marcus.hall@hotmail.com
@ overcooked-stew.org 9 Little Rock, San Marino )

?
SUMMARY MY LIFE PHILOSOPHY

Enthusiastic and results-driven Information Technology Technology is best when it brings
Director with 15+ years of global experience in the IT field, people together.
including 7+ years in a leadership/management position.
Proven expertise in IT strategy, business intelligence, cyber
security, and ERP system implementation. Successfully led
data-driven transformations resulting in improved operational STRENGTHS
efficiency and increased customer satisfaction. Bachelor's 3 . .

* Strategic Thinker
degree in Computer Science from Stanford University. 7 9

Certified in CISSP and PMP. Strong strategic thinker, effective Proven ability to think strategically and
develop innovative IT strategies aligned

 

 

 

communicator, and results-oriented leader. Excited about the with business objectives, resulting in
opportunity to leverage my experience and technical skills to increased operational efficiency and cost
drive innovation and contribute to the mission of a forward- savings.

thinking organization.
wv Effective Communicator
Strong communication skills, both verbal

EXPE R l E N Cc E and written, with the ability to effectively
articulate complex technical concepts to
non-technical stakeholders, resulting in
improved collaboration and successful

 

Information Technology Director

Tesla project delivery.
(8 2022- Ongoing 9 Palo Alto, CA
Led the global vision, strategy, and direction for Tesla's Information ja Results-Oriented Leader

Technology function resulting in increased operational efficiency and
improved customer experience. Collaborated with executive team to
determine the enterprise's long-term application roadmap and
developed corresponding strategies for systems design and project delivery and exceeding customer
development. expectations resulting in improved
+ Implemented a robust Business Continuity strategy ensuring customer satisfaction.

systems met capacity requirements and Service Level Agreements,

resulting in reduced downtime and improved reliability.
* Managed the IT team responsible for strategic deployment,

ownership, and service across a wide variety of systems and tools,

including employee onboarding and license management.
* Designed and developed an effective business intelligence platform

to ensure the right information was accessible to the right people,

resulting in improved decision-making capabilities.

Experienced in leading diverse teams
and driving them towards achieving
results. Track record of successful

www.enhancv.com Powered by (XJ Ennancu