SUMMARY

HIGHLIGHTS

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

WORK HISTORY

SKILLS

 

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION

 

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA94105 2 (555) 432-1000 4 resumesample@example.com

Highly motivated Sales Associate with extensive customer service and sales experience. Outgoing sales
professional with track record of driving increased sales, improving buying experience and elevating company
profile with target market.

+ Guest services + Loss prevention
‘+ Inventory control procedures + Cash register operations
‘+ Merchandising expertise + Product promotions

MANAGEMENT ASSISTANT 02/2013 to 06/2015

Department Of Health And Human Services | Nashville, TN, United States

‘+ Programs Series: 0344 Pay Plan: CU Grade: 9, Supervisor: Elizabeth Cortez (602-302-6006) Budget
Drafts procedural guidance to regional managers and supervisors concerning the requirement for
submission of annual estimates of finding needs

‘+ Prepares data summaries for inclusion in routine and special reports on budget execution

‘+ Develops the annual budget estimate for the Region and included support activities (Le. travel, rent,
utlities, administrative, and contracted services),

‘+ Researches, compiles, and summarizes data concerning line item information needed for formulation of
budget estimates.

‘+ Selects and enters budgetary information on a variety of related forms, schedules, and reports

‘+ During mid-sessions review, analyzes the accuracy and adequacy of budget justification data submitted
for the Regional budget Compares to source documents (i¢., employment allocations, payroll records,
travel reports),

+ Identifies problems and provides information on corrective actions to the Office of the Chief Financial
Officer.

‘+ Completes budget forms for final review and submission to the Budget Officer.

‘+ Monitors and tracks obligations and expenditures for Region support functions throughout the execution
phase of the annual operating budget.

‘+ Verifies that obligations and expenditures occur on a timely basis and are within amounts programmed.

‘+ Analyzes monthly budget reports.

‘+ Investigates discrepancies and reports significant unexplained variances to supervisor and prepares for
submission.

‘+ Recommends transfer of funds between object class and line item accounts under the same
appropriation or allotment when funds are needed to cover increases in obligations or expenditures
exceed approved limits.

‘+ Analyzes the accuracy and adequacy of incoming invoices from vendors or credit card company.

‘+ Compares to source documents (ie.

‘+ purchase order or receipts).

‘+ Initiates correspondence with appropriate vendor when discrepancies arc noted.

‘+ Prepares goods receipt within the SAP system.

‘+ Executes monthly reconciliation report within the SAP System

‘+ Procurement Determines needs of regional staff and obtains through various methods all supplies and
equipment needed to support staff.

‘+ Maintains inventory levels.

‘+ Selects the appropriate method of procurement (i., credit card, small purchase: blanket purchase
order, impress fund).

+ Locates vendors to obtain and document estimates.

‘+ Evaluates estimates and selects or recommends selection of most appropriate vendor.

‘+ Prepares and processes purchase requisitions/purchase orders and assures compliance with budgeted
amounts, agency policies and procedures.

‘+ Assures proper documentation is maintained for compliance with agency's delegated requirements.

‘+ Verifies that terms of purchase order are met.

+ Acts to resolve discrepancies and/or problem situations.

‘+ Prepares purchasing requisitions and orders within the SAP System

+ Records Management Serves as Records Management Officer for the Region

‘+ Manages the required records program; assures accuracy of and conforms to established agency
control procedures for the creation of regional records/ forms

+ Provides advice to staff on records maintenance, retention, and disposition

‘+ This includes paper and automated records

‘+ Monitors FOIA requests to determine that responses arc made within designated time frames.

‘+ Advises staff and public on fees and FOIA exemptions and determines office of primary interest.

‘+ Maintains electronic file\ data base.

+ Coordinates requests and responses with the Office of General Counsel

+ Space and Property Management Assists in planning layouts of office alterations and coordinates work
to completion

‘+ Resolves problems noted upon work completion

+ Accomplishes annual physical inventory of all accountable property assigned to the region

‘+ Maintains the accountable property inventory in accordance with agency policy.

‘+ Initiates requests for all equipment repairs including copying equipment, laser printers, facsimile
‘equipment, telephone equipment, furniture repair.

+ Provides troubleshooting advice based on experience

‘+ Administrative Arranges for regional conferences and/or meetings

+ Reserves meeting facilities, makes hotel accommodations, and arranges for any external guest
speakers.

‘+ Develops and coordinates the agenda items with regional office management for scheduled
conferences and/ or meetings and provides participants time and place of conference and/ or meetings

+ Ensures that all details are covered to permit the program to run smoothly.

‘+ Monitors preparation and amendment of time keeping records and ensures on time submission to
payroll office

‘+ Acts as regional expert.

 

|AGEMENT ASSISTANT 02/2009 to 02/2013
Department Of Health And Human Services | Parker, AZ, United States

‘+ Supervisor: Robert Misemer (XXX-269-2272).

‘+ Series: 0344 Pay Plan: GS Grade: 7 Supports Management and higher level employees by coordinating
various office tasks to include but not limited to compiling, reporting and analyzing statistical data
.creating and inputting data into spreadsheets assisting with the Station Commercial Activities Program,
Defense Regional inter-service Support {DRIS) agreements, and various other workload Studies.

+ Liaison for station and higher headquarters electronic forms.

‘+ Accepts and screens visitors and telephone calls on a multi-ine system for programvstaff or routes calls;
appropriately determine the nature of the request and direct callers to appropriate staff.

+ Excellent user knowledge of computers sufficient to input and retrieve data using the following software
Microsoft Package (Access, Word, Publisher, Excel and Power Point).

‘+ Knowledge of the organizational structures of the activities serviced

+ Knowledgeable in office administration and general office work, including the ability to type, draft and
format correspondence, edit and review correspondence for use of correct grammar, spelling,
punctuation, capitalization and style.

‘+ Excellent ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.

+ Excellent people oriented skills and capable of working with both a diverse staff and client population.

‘+ Prepares and submits requisitions based on personal assessment of requirements ie.

‘+ office supplies, equipment, and publications

+ Serve as the primary accounting technician of departmental appropriated funds to include processing
OPTAR request, maintain OPTAR files, budgets, prepare and submit the fiscal year budget, make
purchases and serves as a purchase cardholder for the department.

+ Knowledgeable in the areas of automated accounting and budget systems, and financial regulations

‘+ Provides support for staff requiring mission related travel or temporary additional duty (TAD)
arrangements

‘+ Arrange and process travel for users through the Defense Travel System (DTS) and complete expense
related forms upon completion of travel.

+ Excellent ability be a self-started and accomplish projects with little or no supervision

SEORETARY 10/2005 to 02/2009
University Of Miami Miller School Of Medicine | Coral Springs, FL, United States

+ Series: 0318 Pay Plan: GS Grade: 6

+ Supervisor: Lt

+ Jam es Fin! ey/ Command Chaplain (Xxx-269-2371) Provide support for Chaplains by relieving them of
unnecessary interruptions, handle a variety of clerical, organizational, administrative matters and
programmatic problems to include but not limited to making travel arrangements, schedule visits,
complete and process travel documents, design and organize filing systems, plan and arrange the
maintenance and preparation of information needed for administrative and budget reports and organize
the flow of clerical processes in the office.

‘+ Maintain subject-matter files and records.

+ Set up and maintain logs showing the status of actions and correspondence

+ Collect and maintain data for annual history and budget reports and organize the flow of clerical
processes in the office.

‘+ Accept and screen visitors and telephone calls on a multi-line system for program/staff and routes calls;
appropriately determine the nature of the request and direct callers to appropriate staff or personally
provide the information referrals needed

+ Establish, maintain and revise record keeping and filing systems in accordance with existing Marine
Corps and Station Orders and Desktop Procedures.

‘+ Open, sort, review and distribute mail and prepares responses to routine inquiries.

‘+ Duplicate material using photocopying equipment

+ Arrange meetings and conferences, schedules interviews, appointments, and performs other duties
related to scheduling activities

+ Thorough and comprehensive knowledge of procedures, principles, objectives and regulations in order
to provide comprehensive administrative support

‘+ Knowledgeable about programs offered.

+ Excellent user knowledge of computers sufficient to input and retrieve data using the following software
Microsoft Office (Access, Word, Publisher, Excel, and Power Point).

‘+ Knowledge of the organizational structures of the activities, office administration, and general office
work, including the ability to type, draft and format basic correspondence, edit and review
correspondence for use of correct grammar, spelling, punctuation, capitalization, and style

+ Excellent ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing

+ Excellent people oriented skills and capable of working with a diverse staff and client population.

‘+ Engages in a variety of contacts outside the program in order to obtain or relay information

+ Deal with individuals who are influential or important to the program.

+ Perform time keeping duties

+ Prepare, submit, and purchase office supplies, equipment, and publications.

‘+ Prepare and submit the contractor requirements and statements of work as needed

+ Serve as the primary accounting technician of departmental appropriated funds to include processing
budget request, maintain budget files, budgets, prepare and submit the fiscal year budget, make all
purchased for the station chapel, and serve as the primary purchase cardholder for the department.

+ Knowledgeable in the areas of automated accounting and budget systems, and financial regulations

SCCIAL SERVICE ASSISTANT 04/2004 to 10/2005
Prestige Healthcare | Jefferson City, TN, United States

+ Series: 0186 Pay Plan: GS Grade: 6

‘+ Supervisor: Larry Fulcher (XXX-269-2561) Provide administrative support to the Family Advocacy
Program (FAP) by assisting in accomplishing the program requirements for counseling, information and
referral, assistance, education, and training services to active duty military, their families and retirees

+ Perform a variety of typing and data entry assignments, which are often confidential in nature.

‘+ Prepares a variety of administrative reports, statements and rosters, gathers data and other necessary
information.

+ Establishes, maintains and revises record keeping and filing systems in accordance with existing Marine
Corps and Station Orders and Desktop Procedures.

+ Advises the FAP Manager on the practical and technical aspects of FAP services delivery, to include
policies and procedures, organizational structure, customer service, employee relations, safety,
security, etc.

‘+ Classifies, sorts and file correspondences, client records and other documents

‘+ Open, sort, review and distribute mail and prepares responses to routine inquiries.

+ Duplicates material using photocopying equipment.

‘+ Arrange meetings and conferences, schedules interviews and appointments and performs other duties
related to scheduling program activities

+ Accepts and screens telephone calls for program/staff or routes calls appropriately.

+ Attend Case Review and Family Advocacy Committee meetings, takes notes and transcribes minutes of
meetings for review and forwarding to the Station Commanding Officer.

+ Performs a variety of administrative expertise and support on a wide variety of program administrative
matters for the FAP,

+ Ihave a thorough and comprehensive knowledge of FAP procedures, principles, objectives and
regulations that provides administrative support for the FAP.

+ Knowledgeable about the various services and programs offered by the Family Advocacy Programs,
specifically Victim Advocacy.

+ Excellent user knowledge of computers sufficient to input and retrieve data using the following software
Microsoft Package.

+ Knowledgeable in office administration and general office work, including the ability to type, draft and
format basic correspondence, edit and review correspondence for use of correct grammar, spelling,
punctuation, capitalization and style.

+ Excellent ability to communicate effectively both oral and in writing

‘+ Excellent people oriented skills and capable of working with both a diverse staff and client population.

+ Familiar with procedural and regulatory procedures.

‘+ Support and provide technical expertise to the total FAP.

‘+ Screen, prioritize, conducts a needs assessment on client calls for intervention.

+ Demonstrate the ability to interact with potentially hostile and frustrated individuals, perform basic crisis
management with FAP and Personal Counseling clients telephonically and/or during intake procedures.

‘+ Engages in a variety of contacts outside the program in order to obtain or relay information

+ Deal with individuals who are influential or important to the program.

MICRINE CORPS FAMILY TEAM BUILDING MANAGER/KEY VOLUNTEER TRAINER —_ 07/2000 to 04/2004

Marine Corps Air Station Yuma NAFI | City, STATE, United States

+ Plan, implement and administer the Marine Corps Family Team Building (MCFTB) division by providing
assistance and services that support, enrich and improve the quality of life of active duty service
members and their families.

‘+ Services include Command Team Briefs, Pre-Deployment and Post- Deployment Support, Return and
Reunion Program, Family Readiness Officer (FRO) Training, Key Volunteer (KV) Training, PREP.
CREDO, LINKS and SLS Seminars.

‘+ Establish program goals and objectives for trainings and seminars.

+ Provide FRO and KV training

+ Design and establish marketing strategy and public relations for programs

‘+ Responsible for submission and analytical review of tactical data for monthly reports.

‘+ Manage internal resources.

+ Develops, executes, and administers Non Appropriate Funds and Appropriated Funds financial p tans
and budgets.

+ Maintains and enforces security for Marine Corps Community Service (MCCS) funds, supplies,
‘equipment and property to preclude or minimize the potential for fraud, waste and abuse

+ Communicate effectively and work constructively.

‘+ Excellent use of English grammar and writing,

‘+ Numerous accolades in writing Letters of Instructions and Standard Operating Procedures.

+ Design material for headquarters directed training.

‘+ Dealt with traumatic situations to include family members is crisis management situations.

+ React appropriately in any situation, outgoing personality

‘+ Able to multi-task to include multitane phone system

‘+ Duties range from work that involves group leadership and giving practical guidance on day-to-day
activities

+ Extensively worked with military personnel and family members to include frequent contact with
representatives of all levels of military and community service agencies

Master of Business Administration (MBA) MAY 2015
University of Phoenix, Tempe, AZ

GPA: GPA: 3.9

GPA: 3.9

Badhelor's Degree | Anthropology 12-1986

University of Wyoming, Laramie, WY
Anthropology

AsCociate's Degree | Anthropology 05-1985
Casper College, Casper, WY
Anthropology

Hin School Diploma 05-1980
Kelly Walsh High School, Casper, WY

 

Froaklin Covey -The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, 40 hrs. 5-00 University of Arkansas 2010
Mid-Management Professional Development, 4.6CEU, 9-00 Nobel Leadership Training, 24hrs. 11-01
Leadership Education Seminar, 24hrs. 5-02 Best Practices of Leadership, SDSU, 8hrs. 8-03 Systems
& Strategic Thinking, SDSU, 8hrs. 10-03 MCCS Manager's Course, 40 hrs. 12-03 Facilitation Skills &
Influencing Groups, SDSU, 8 hrs. 12-03 Measuring & Managing Change, SDSU, 8 hrs. 1-04
Resolving Conflict & Increasing Cross-Functional Collaboration, SDSU, 8hrs. 2-04 Creating High-
Performance Business Units, SDSU, 8hrs. 3-04 Leadership Development Workshop, Dale Carnegie,
4-22-09 Fred Pryor Seminar- Microsoft Excel 6-9-09 Fred Pryor Seminar- Advanced Microsoft Excel
6-10-09-09 LiveCycles ES- Designing Forms, Roundpeg, 16 hrs. 9-28-08 Aspiring Leader Program
Graduate School, 6-24-10 Management Analysis Overview, 32 hrs. Graduate School, 9-14-17/-10 OSHA 10
Hour Genera! Industry Course, 10 hrs. 6-7-12 New Leader Program, Class of 2012, Graduate School,
921-12

Department of Defense

accounting, Administrative, administrative support, agency, basic, budgets, Budget, clerical, oral,
conferences, copying, Counseling, credit, crisis management, crisis management, client, clients, customer
service, data entry, DTS, data base, delivery, Designing, documentation, edit, employee relations, English,
facsimile, filing, Financial, Forms, Functional, Funds, general office, Maintains inventory, inventory, lans, laser
printers, Team Building, Leadership, Leadership Development, Leadership Training, Letters, Managing,
marketing strategy, meetings, Access, Microsoft Excel 6, Excel, mail, Microsoft Office, Office, Power Point,
Publisher, Word, Monitors, needs assessment, takes notes, office administration, office management,
organizational, payroll, personnel, phone system, telephone equipment, policies, processes, Procurement,
Property Management, public relations, publications, purchasing requisitions, purchase requisitions, quality,
record keeping, repairs, reporting, requirement, safety, SAP, scheduling, Seminars, spreadsheets, Strategic
Thinking, Supervisor, supervision, technician, telephone, making travel arrangements, troubleshooting, type,
typing, utilities

‘+ Professional Licenses/Certificates Current valid Arizona Driver's License. Professional Ratings, Awards,
and Recognitions MCCS Employee of the Quarter 7-03 Multiple Special Act Awards from NCUA due to
above and beyond performance Delta Mu Delta Honor Business Society Volunteer Work and
References Upon request