Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ¢ (555) 432-1000  resumesampleGexample.com

Professional Summary

Information Technology Specialist Professional Summary Successful experience in I.T. Management, communications, leadership and

network troubleshooting. Able to apply a logical, common sense approach to problem solving. A determined team player with

strong organizational and communication skills. Demonstrated capacity to successfully manage multiple projects and deadlines. A

flexible, detail-oriented Information Technology Expert that thrives in a challenging situation. Versatile Information Technology

Consultant with 12 years helping companies optimize IT spending and exploit technical assets. Proponent of macro-level approaches

to IT asset management. Skilled at analyzing and enhancing systems, infrastructure and frameworks to accelerate progress toward

business goals. Dedicated IT Consultant offering 12 years of experience in IT vision, development and implementation of programs

and systems. Subject matter expert in day-to-day operations, planning, organizing and managing operations and complying with

standards and policies. Demonstrated to leverage strategic planning to foster new improvements that maximize productivity and

efficiency. Successful Information Technology Consultant with 12 years designing, developing and implementing widely varied IT

systems. Tenacious in acquiring new business by maintaining exemplary historical results. Skilled at creating and fostering strong

business relationships to build long-term trust and growing profits. Dedicated IT consulting professional well-versed in developing

creative solutions for diverse business problems and objectives. Tactical and decisive leader with self-directed and analytical mindset.

Known for quickly and effectively defining IT operational obstacles and designing cost-effective solutions. Successful at optimizing

security standards, improving planning processes and managing systems implementation. Knowledgeable about disaster recovery

planning, roadmapping and team development. Strategic Information Technology Manager skilled in guiding navigation of modern

technology. Accustomed to driving efficiency and effectiveness by developing, delivering and supporting strategic plans.

Demonstrated skill in translating technical requirements to business solutions, Successful 12-year record of building positive
relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Insightful Information Technology Manager with 12 years of IT leadership
experience including oversight of infrastructure, application support and security services. Dedicated to customer satisfaction with

focused delivery of technical solutions. Proven leader in directing operations, maintenance and support of complex systems.

Develops creative business solutions, leveraging diverse methodologies and delivering engineering solutions for leading

organizations. Highly adept in request for proposal development, technology needs assessments and staff training. Experienced

Information Technology Manager well-versed in infrastructure, security planning and daily operations management. Forward-

thinking and strategic leader with 12 years of experience in Information Technology . Recognized for cost-effective system

improvements, operational streamlining and positive leadership style. Experienced Systems Administrator with over 12 years of

experience in Information technology. Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving customer satisfaction. Reliable

employee seeking System Administrator position. Offering excellent communication and good judgment. Organized and dependable

candidate successful at managing multiple priosities with a positive attitude, Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet

team goals. Dedicated Information technology professional with history of meeting company goals utilizing consistent and

organized practices. Skilled in working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the

organizational brand. Enthusiastic System Administrator eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail

and excellent organizational skills. Clear understanding of networking and training in network management. Motivated to learn,

grow and excel in Information Technology. To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing

interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem-solving skills. Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong

organizational skills eager to secure entry-level Systems Administrator position. Ready to help team achieve company goals.

Skills

Experience in all windows platforms:
Expertise in computer design, repair, software diagnosis and
troubleshooting

Completed A+ certification classes and seminars
Certified in nearly all software programs, examples: Microsoft
Works, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Access,
Excel, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Reader,
PowerPoint, FrontPage and Adobe writer
Mission Critical Applications

Security Procedures

‘Team Support

Network Intelligence

Active Listening

Hardware Integration

Status Updates

Preventative Maintenance

Disaster Recovery Operations

Final Design Delivery

Fund Accounting Software

Social Perceptiveness

Database Architecture

Critical Thinking

Corporate Accounting

Network Security Management

Enterprise Architecture

Work Orders

‘Complex Problem-Solving

Tech Support

Apple Final Cut Pro

Data Connectivity

Installing New Hardware

Database Management System Software
Learning Strategies

Deployment Support

Local Area Network (LAN)

Video Equipment

Project Requirements

Device Distribution

Antivirus Software

Customer Relationship Management
Maintenance Organization and Development
Information Technology Industry Knowledge
Adobe Systems Adobe Creative Cloud

Data Recovery

Maintenance Support Systems

Creative Solutions

Microsoft Project

User Experience

Technology Development

Technical Manuals

Wide Area Network (WAN)

Hardware and Software Monitoring

Systems Analysis

Software Engineering

Video Conferencing

Wireless Access Point

New Installations

Customer Satisfaction

Clinical Applications

‘Component Replacements

Clerical Support

Service Quality

Work History

Information Technology Administrator, 01/2011 to Current
City Of Indianapolis And Marion County — Indianapolis, IN
Built and developed new wordpress website and shopping cart for premier dealer/distributor

Perform daily data backups and anti virus scans

Oracle E-Business Suite Financials
Data Reports

Operational Policies Knowledge
Case Support

Error Logging

Communications Strategies

Office Operations

System Innovators

Workflow Processes

Virtual Local Area Networks
Technical Installations

Bug Fixes

Client Relationships

Load Testing Software
Knowledge Base

Data Communications

Billing Automation

Industry Best Practices

Training Classes

Network Migration

Google Drive

Documentation Support

Web Applications

Production Work

Switching Protocols

Application and Server Monitoring
Google Analytics

Training Junior Team Members
Solution Implementation
Negotiating Service Level Agreements
Software Deployment

Solution Architecture

Leading Software Development Teams
File Servers

User Documentation Production
Network Infrastructure Support
Software Development Methodologies
Information Assurance

Warranty Requirements

Client Requirements

Root Cause Analysis Expertise
Technical installations
Infrastructure updates

Client relationship management
Solution development

Security planning

Budget administration

Project lifecycle management
Product development
Requirements analysis
Infrastructure development
Organization and Time Management
Interpersonal Communication
Excellent Communication
Problem-Solving
Decision-Making

Framework improvements

Business planning

Installed new network architecture to better maintain company work flow

Configure PC's and replace defective hardware as needed

Installed brand new accounting and business system from initial concept to full implementation

Internet Sales Manager of premier market leader in their industry

Monitor new telephone system to reduce telephone network downtime

Work remotely on off hours to fix network related issues

Conducted daily system monitoring, verifying security, integrity and availability of hardware, server resources, applications and

key processes

Synchronized establishment of local area and wide area networks to provide infrastructure for new applications, employee

mobile device and communication between sites,

Integrated, monitored and tested wireless devices, multi-site network infrastructure, business intelligence software and

applications.

Managed infrastructure upgrades, analysis and resolution of end user hardware and software issues.

Worked closely with infrastructure staff and departmental decision makers to identify, recommend, develop and implement

cost-effective technology solutions.

Directed IT services, counseled executives and collaborated with senior management on strategic planning.

Controlled development of test areas, systems test data and testing methods prior to implementing new systems.

Conformed to quality, performance and inter-operability standards for implementation of solutions.

Managed IT staff monitoring and diagnosing server and data center problems and design and implementation of new data

center technologies.

Facilitated IT enterprise architecture across organization's enterprise transformation programs

Reduced hardware spending by $10,000 through implementation of upgrade project for 40 devices.

Innovated implementation of Keystone for customized invoices and designed Sales interface order management.

Maintained efficient operation of 40 data devices,

Partnered across organization to design solutions with sales platform to deliver optimal path for key business initiatives.

Integrated order management with other software packages to achieve superior picking, shipping and manifest system.

Liaised with facilities personnel to manage security and infrastructure expansion, data center modifications, equipment

placement, power management and cooling.

Spearheaded continuous improvement on hardware and software architectures that supported eBusiness Suites (EBS).

Changed sales/website module based on specifications of sales and marketing teams.

Provided solutions aligned with Constant Contact architecture and business needs.

Led functional and technical support for implementation of software applications and enhancements.

Implemented VAI for order entry, shipping, inventory and accounting,

Led cross-functional teams with expertise in Java, PL/SQL, Oracle EBS, enterprise security and infrastructure domains.

Integrated Oracle EBS with CRM and other applications, credit card processors, outside reporting tools, mobile warehouse

systems and shipping solutions.

Engineered, managed and installed PBX system with ACD and reporting capabilities for client call center.

Tokenized credit cards to create third party E-commerce suite.

Provided web services by creating discreet, reusable software components build on XMK and HTTP protocols.

Led team of 40 in administering IT infrastructure.

Information Technology Specialist/Technical Service Engineer, 01/2008 to 01/2011
Camp Recovery — Sebastopol, CA

Configured related equipment by managing server, dhcp, and router ip addressing structures

Solved problems associated with software/firmware compatibility issues

Increased maximum equipment uptime by being proactive to possible issues

Maintained all servers, databases, formats of related equipment

Created and recommended which products or services best fit customers’ needs.

Provided technical support in both on-site and telephone consultations.

Performed scheduled service work, installations, testing and repairs.

Executed troubleshooting and server support in both in-person and remote situations.

Provided secondary training to personnel struggling with technological tools and systems.

Maintained service schedule for software and hardware.

Monitored ongoing technical compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

Oversaw quality assurance management and offered suggested recommendations.

Wrote work orders, accounting for standard budgeting guidelines and operational parameters.

Offered troubleshooting for Keystone via voice and text chat, maintaining resolution rates of 99:

 

Performed preventive maintenance on windows, maintaining average uptime of 99%.

Rapidly identified and corrected system faults to minimize operational downtime of website.

Designed system enhancements for assets within Industry operations.

Diagnosed malfunctions in systems and software, directing support tickets to appropriate personnel for remediation.

Produced reports on success rates and remedial requirements.

Installed, configured, tested and maintained operating systems, application software and system management tools.

Worked closely with customers, internal staff and other stakeholders to determine planning, implementation and integration of

system-oriented projects.

Participated in system development life cycle from requirements analysis through system implementation.
Provided 2nd and 3d level technical support and troubleshooting to internal and external clients.
Monitored and tested application performance to identify potential bottlenecks, develop solutions, and collaborate with

developers on solution implementation.

Managed use of various types of databases and configured, installed and upgraded new ones.
Managed and monitored installed systems for highest level of availability.

Managed installation, upgrade and deployment projects and provided on-site direction for network engineers.

Wrote and maintained custom scripts to increase system efficiency and performance time.

Resolved issues related to operational components for LAN, WAN and voice systems.

Designed and implemented system security and data assurance.

Defined enterprise processes and best practices and tailored enterprise processes for applications.

Built and maintained network infrastructure consisting of Windows, Linux and virtual products

Oversaw development and maintenance of organization computer systems and intranet.

Performed daily system monitoring, verifying integrity and availability of hardware, server resources, systems and key processes

Facilitated best user experience through continuous support and communication of system changes

Assisted with updating technical support best practices for use by team

‘Managed customers’ expectations of support and technology functionality in order to provide positive user experience

Trained end-users of software and software on use, functionality and application to business problems

Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information

Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and assisted in deployment of,

release fixes

Attended regular client meetings to report project progress and address questions

Used ticketing systems to manage and process support actions and requests

‘Communicated regularly with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration

Developed and maintained strong client relationships to deliver exceptional customer service and problem resolution

Liaised effectively with others to promote ongoing network design, reevaluation and optimization, scaling with company

growth

Identified potential sales and cross-selling opportunities and informed supervisor

Resolved escalated issues by serving as subject matter expert on wide-ranging issues

Built and refined powerful machine learning models that automated decisions, prioritized work and changed behavior of

products in real time

Created support documentation that enabled user community to extend skills, leverage system features and find resolutions to

questions without intervention from support team

Worked closely with management teams to plan, develop and execute technical strategies aligned to client's vision

Controlled and managed server room, wireless network, server infrastructure, audiovisual equipment, laptops and video

conferencing equipment

Supervised and monitored delivery of contractual services according to SLA agreements

Researched product and issue resolution tactics to address customer concerns

Set up network profiles, security permissions and file sharing systems

Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices

Coached and trained end-users on functions, features and basic troubleshooting of software such as software and software

Information Technology Technician, 01/2003 to 01/2008
Sywest Medical Technologies - City, STATE
Conducted hardware and software updates on daily basis to maintain network integrity

Accomplished all maintenance on time and under budget
Installed and maintained products/equipment

Provided one on one training in all software related programs

Troubleshot and solved all information technology issues in a timely manner.

Established, repaired and optimized networks by installing wising, cabling and devices.

Managed system-wide operating system and software deployments as well as related software upgrade problems

Set up hardware and software in optimal configurations to meet network performance requirements.

Delivered network technology training to junior team members and end-users, enhancing knowledgebase and team

productivity.

Conducted daily system monitoring, verifying security, integrity and availability of hardware, server resources, applications and

key processes

Answered and triaged requests for assistance in order to provide top-notch support.

Investigated and corrected problems with printers, copiers and other peripheral devices.

Updated department documentation such as license databases, infrastructure maps and FAQs to maintain consistent response

levels.

Followed up with clients to verify optimal customer satisfaction following support engagement and problem resolution.

Configured hardware, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.

Broke down and evaluated user problems, using test scripts, personal expertise and probing questions.

Removed malware, ransomware and other threats from laptops and desktop systems.

Patched software and installed new versions to eliminate security problems and protect data.

Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and assisted in deployment of,

release fixes.

Helped streamline repair processes and update procedures for support action consistency.

Collaborated with vendors to locate replacement components and resolve advanced problems.

Maintained servers and systems to keep networks fully operational during peak periods.

Increased sales by educating prospects on benefits of products and services in comparison to competitors

Devised solutions to operations issues related to system and software, working closely via phone, email, live chat and web

teleconference.

Retained existing clients and developed number new accounts by extending high quality and efficient support service.

Uploaded new software, rolled out updates and applied patches to type servers upon release to thwart type and type threats

from penetrating networks.

Upsold products and services to increase company

revenue by number% beyond timeframe targets.

Information Technology Representative/Marketing Specialist, 01/2000 to 01/2003
Datacom Systems — City, STATE

Supervised 10 or more employees and initiated completion of multiple new product development projects to meet critical

deadlines

Accomplished several parallel project deadlines on time and under budget (with lead time of 4-6 weeks)

Performed daily system monitoring, verifying integrity and availability of hardware, server resources, systems and key

processes.

Used ticketing systems to manage and process support actions and requests.

Facilitated best user experience through continuous support, training classes, webinars, improvements and communication of

system changes.

Attended regular client meetings to report project progress and address questions.

Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information.

Built and refined powerful machine learning models that automated decisions, prioritized work and changed behavior of

products in real time.

Assisted customers with product selection based on stated needs, proposed use and budget.

‘Communicated regularly with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration.

Worked closely with management teams to plan, develop, coordinate and execute technical strategies aligned to client's vision,

mission and purpose.

Resolved escalated issues by serving as subject matter expert on wide-ranging issues.

Developed and maintained strong client relationships to deliver exceptional customer service and problem resolution.

‘Managed customers’ expectations of support and technology functionality in order to provide positive user experience,

Performed tests of functionality, security and performance of different workstations and devices.

Conducted in-depth product and issue resolution research to address customer concerns.

Created support documentation that enabled user community to extend skills, leverage system features and find resolutions to

questions without intervention from support team.

Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and assisted in deployment of,

release fixes.

Liaised effectively with others to promote on-going network design, reevaluation and optimization that scaled with company

growth.

Coached and trained end-users on functions, features and basic troubleshooting of software such as software and software.

Identified potential sales and cross-selling opportunities in course of delivery of support services.

Supervised and monitored delivery of contractual services according to SLA agreements.

Trained end-users of software and software on use, functionality and application to business problems.

Used type scripting skills to contribute to internal technical tools.

Retained existing clients and developed number new accounts by extending high quality and efficient support service.

Defined and documented technical support best practices for type technologies.

Identified potential risks for software rollouts and developed resolution processes.

Drafted and distributed training manuals for devices used by various employees.

Authored protocols for appropriate, cost-effective and safe handling of equipment and materials.

Set up network profiles, security permissions and file sharing systems.

Controlled and managed server room, wireless network, server infrastructure, audiovisual equipment, laptops and video

conferencing equipment.

Planned marketing initiatives and leveraged referral networks to promote business development

Developed technical and non-technical marketing presentations, public relations campaigns, articles and newsletters

Designed and implemented advertising and public relations activities

Identified appropriate marketing channels and target customers for campaigns

Monitored social media questions and comments and appropriately responded

Updated social media platforms with latest news and corporate details

Maintained inventory of marketing literature, archive files and sample files

Collaborated closely with graphic designers, subject matter experts (SMEs) and technical staff to produce compliant, on-time

proposals

Administered and procured funding for new marketing programs

Met with vendors to assess products, inquire about services and negotiate pricing

Shadowed senior personnel on complex marketing pursuits to build skills set

Liaised between internal creative teams and agencies for branding ideas, graphic designs and promotional materials

Teamed with advertising agencies and outside consultants to develop strategic marketing plans

Wrote engaging and successful marketing, advertising and website copy

Tracked trade show expenses to maintain budget

Worked closely with in-house design team to develop visuals for content

Maintained high level of understanding of industry standards and trends

Updated customer database and generated lists and counts for direct marketing projects

Onboarded new team members and coached personnel in marketing tasks

Shipped samples to potential clients and kept appropriate amount of samples on hand for meetings, customer presentations and

for sales team use

Education

Bachelor of Science: Marketing, 05/1997
State University of Oswego - Oswego, NY