DEEPALI ROY
Email Id: info@mycvdesigner.com
Phone:
+91 933 092 9083
Address: Kolkata, India
FLIGHT ATTENDANT | CABIN CREW
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Customer-focused Flight Attendant with 11 years of experience in providing world-class customer service during domestic and international travel. Record of success in maintaining safe cabin environments, accurate inventories, and clean cabin spaces. Proven leadership skills that enable crews to overreach high customer service benchmarks and uphold organizational reputations for excellence.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Pre and Post-Flight Checks
Customer Service
Inventory Management
Cabin Security
Occupational and Public Safety Team Leadership
Emergency Response
Aircraft Equipment Handling
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
FLIGHT ATTENDANT⚫ Jan 2015 - Present
GoAir, India
• Attend pre-flight briefings to review emergency evacuation procedures, length of flight, expected issues, and crew coordination plans.
⚫ Check on board first aid kits and emergency equipment to ensure functionality, and ensure passenger cabin is adequately stocked with food, beverages, and blankets.
• Greet passengers during boarding, check tickets, and advise them on where to store coats and carry-on items; assist passengers with carry-on luggage.
• Instruct and demonstrate use of emergency equipment and check to see belts are fastened, seat backs are in upright positions, and carry-on items are properly stowed prior to departure.
• Answer passenger questions regarding flight and help small children, elderly, or disabled persons.
• Take inventory of headsets, alcoholic beverages, and sales transactions prior to landing.
FLIGHT ATTENDANT Mar 2011-Dec 2014
Vistara Air, India
• Attended pre-flight meetings to discuss flight details, verified adequate food supplies and emergency equipment are on board, and assisted in cleaning between flights.
• Demonstrated use of safety and emergency equipment, and ensured passengers have seatbelts fastened as specified by pilot during flight; reassured passengers during flight, including during severe weather conditions or turbulence.
CABIN CREW⚫ Apr 2009-Feb 2011 Spicejet, India
• Maintained safe conditions in airplane cabin, educated passengers on safety procedures, and assisted passengers during emergency
situations.
Served passengers food and beverages, and dispensed items for comfort and entertainment, including pillows, magazines, and headsets. EDUCATION
Aviation Hospitality & Travel Management 2009
Frankfinn Institute of Air Hostess Training
Diploma in Hospitality Management⚫ 2007
ISHM, Kolkata
LANGUAGES
• Fluency in English, Hindi and Arabic; advanced proficiency in Spanish
my CVdesigner