JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Dedicated aviation maintenance professional with history of meeting company goals utilizing consistent and organized practices. Skilled in

working under pressure

Semis

and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand.

 

‘* Maintenance and Repair « First Aid/CPR

* Computer Skills

« Problem-Solving

Organization and Time Management * Analytical and Critical Thinking

* Active Listening

© Excellent Communication

Training and Development « Flexible and Adaptable

* Decision Making
* MS Office
« Attention to Detail

‘Worx History

* Leadership
Planning and Coordination

 

03/2018 to 02/2022 Aviation Maintenance Controller
United States Marine Corps, USMC - City, STATE

‘ Performed as a "Safe for Flight" Maintenance Controller in four different Marine Fighter Attack Squadrons over a
13 year span.

* Completed the U.S. Navy Aviation Maintenance Control course.

‘* Able to provide recommendation letters from multiple Maintenance Officers to attest to my abilities as a
‘Maintenance Controller.

Extremely knowledgeable in the COMNAVAIRFORINST 4790.2 programs and requirements for Maintenance
Control as outlined in chapter 5

© Active Secret Security Clearance.

+ Coordinated daily flight schedule activities with squadron operations.

* Thorough knowledge of applicable maintenance/technical manuals and publications.

* Thorough working knowledge of aircraft maintenance records

© Working understanding of the aircraft and systems.

* Ability to schedule and track aircraft/engine maintenance including inspections, preservations, oil sampling and
engine washes and rinses.

‘© Able to operate two-way communication equipment and speak in a clear and concise manner.

‘ Performed administrative and clerical duties using computer, typewriter and other associated equipment within
maintenance control.

‘= Performed the duties and responsibilities of Maintenance Control Controller and Aircraft Issuet/ Dispatcher.

+ Established and maintained a maintenance system inspection schedule and assigns work priorities to maintenance
actions

+ Coordinated dailies, preflights and tum-around inspections

# Scheduled aircraft corrosion inspections.

© Scheduled aircraft for daily flight schedule.

Scheduled aircraft washes

* Scheduled Phase inspections

‘© Tracked transfer/acceptance inspections requirements.

«* Assigned daily preservation and depreservation requirements.

‘© Tracked cannibalization and maintained liaison with Supply.

‘© Screened maintenance actions for post maintenance check flights requirements.

‘* Prepared and assisted in preparation of aircraft readiness reports.

‘* Monitored high time component tracking program.

‘© Monitored aircraft issuing/scheduling to ensure daily schedule completion.

‘* Verified completion of required maintenance by checking applicable maintenance forms.

Released aircraft and returned aircraft for completion of maintenance.

‘© Worked day shift, night shift and weekend duty and travel as part of a maintenance recovery team or detachment as,
required.

‘© Experienced writing with clarity and technical accuracy.

‘© Monitored/scheduled aircraft inventory, acceptance and transfer inspections

+ Performed other tasks as directed by management.

+ Provided technical assistance, guidance and instruction as required.

‘* Maintained and completed required records and applicable maintenance forms.

+ Performed daily duties normally associated with this specialty.

+ Practiced good housekeeping, tool control, FOD awareness/prevention and safety at all times.

‘* Assisted in aircrafVequipment movement and flight line foreign object prevention walks.

+ Complied with Hazardous Waste Program,

‘© Operated SE, flight line vehicles and other support equipment as required

‘© Qualified to perform corrosion detection, treatment, prevention and documentation per customes/management
instructions/directions on aircraft and associated equipment,

* Annotated maintenance actions in aircraft forms and VIDS/MAF, Work Orders in NALCOMIS/OOMA.

* Knowledgeable and understand basic supply procedures. Assisted with ordering parts, tools, materials and
equipment as required.

+ Complied with established General and Industrial Safety Rules and Regulations as applicable to the contract,
facilities and job assignment.

‘* Kept shop area clean.

07/2015 to 06/2018 Aviation Quality Assurance Representative
United States Marine Corps, USMC - City, STATE

‘© Drafted performance and quality assurance reports and presented findings at weekly and monthly quality meetings

‘* Developed monthly, end-of-quarter, and other statistical reports for leadership team and quality improvement
programs

+ Provided regular updates to team leadership on quality metrics by communicating consistency problems or
production deficiencies.

* Completed deviation forms and recorded findings of theinspection process, collaborating with quality team
members and department managers to implement procedural remedies.

‘* Provided analytical, planning, and coordination support on projects as assigned, reviewing, interpreting, analyzing,
and illustrating data to stimulate and support enlightened decision making.

‘ Partnered with management to create, develop and implement quality initiatives.

‘+ Administered dozens of internal surveys and tabulated results to increase visibility.

‘© Developed and maintained quality assurance procedure documentation

«* Kept inspection journals and daily summary logs as required

‘© Halted production line in case of major non-compliance of specifications, standards or quality discovered during
inspection process.

+ Collaborated with management to provide training on improved processes and assisted with creation and
maintenance of quality training.

‘* Compiled and distributed weekly feedback to team leaders and managers to improve service time and quality while
increasing productivity.

06/2005 to 06/2015 Aviation Electrician Technician
United States Marine Corps, USMC - City, STATE

+ Insialled electrical and electronic components and assemblies.

‘© Conducted preventive maintenance and repairs on wire bundles, connectors, RF cables, and fiber-optic lines for
avionics and weapons integration lab equipment.

« Evaluated, specified, ordered, tested, configured and tracked aircraft and lab assets for company requirements.

+ Laid out theinstallation of aircraft systems following documentation such as wiring diagrams, blueprints, and
manuals.

‘* Adjusted, repaired, and replaced malfunctioning components or assemblies.

= Assessed aircraft electrical systems to evaluate proper functioning.

‘* Maintained in-depth knowledge of standards, procedures, and instrumentation.

+ Coordinated work with engineers, technicians, and other aircraft maintenance personnel.

‘* Performed scheduled and unscheduled inspections to check flight readiness of aircraft

+ Completed quality assurance checks for service work and completed documentation outlining updates.

‘© Diagnosed faults and developed resolution plans

‘© Utilized testing equipment such as oscilloscopes, ammeters, and ohmmeters.

+ Tested electrical aircraft systems, components, and equipment for compliance with standards and to uncover any
malfunctions.

‘© Repaired and installed wiring, connectors, control boxes antennas, and other pieces.

* Completed preventive and reparative maintenance on aircraft electronics and computer systems.

+ Performed thorough visual and physical inspections of all electrical parts.

 

Epucation

04/2021 Associate of Applied Science: Technical Management
American Military University - Charles Town, WV.

2004 High School Diploma

Accelerated Learning And Transition Academy - Houston, TX