Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Career Overview

Objective
IT Specialist, GS-2210-9 (CUSTSPT)

NOC Merit-2016-0031

Experienced Systems Analyst with diverse industry experience in government, maritime, forestry, research and development.
Professional expertise includes systems applications, disaster recovery planning, customer services, including remote, phone and

local one on one.

Qualifications

* Excellent communicator MS SharePoint, MS Access
MS Office, Adobe Suite
OS(s) Windows, Linux, Mac

Skype, WebEx, Adobe Connect, MS Lyne

« Adopts technology to business needs

« Stays current with technology

« Excellent interpersonal skills

Technical Skills

Level I, II and III customer Support Regional System Manager 5 September 2014
System installs and upgrades of agency System Admin 5 September 2015,
software

Accomplishments

Awarded by the Forest Service, Pacific Northwest Research Station, for developing publishing innovations, multiple website support,
and championing SharePoint. Also, awarded for superior performance during 2013,

Awarded by the Forest Service, Pacific Northwest Research Station, for delivering superb computer assistance to the Communication
Application Program, and demonstrated outstanding support to the maintenance of the stations’ websites, and demonstrating extra
effort in updating research related databases, and for researching new media sources such as e-pubs for the station's publications.

Key developer and supporter for a new Regional Examination Center(REC) Merchant Mariner database, which was widely adopted
by several REC's across the United States, for the U.S. Coast Guard.

Work Experience

Information Technology Specialist (Web), GS-11, 07/2013 to 01/2016
‘Stantec Inc. — West Chester, PA
* Over two years of planning, coordinating, and identifying business and research functions, resources and services working with
the Forest Services’ Climate Change Resource Center (CCRC).
* Coordinated testing and improvement of Chief of Information Office (CIO) Virtual Machine Primer training guide, for use by the
Forest Service IT specialist, to transform web services to a Content Management System, using Drupal with Linux platform.
« Established a prototype site for training web team members, in preparations for migration to a new content management system.
« Instrumental in researching, planning and collaborating with teams in the Forest Service to increase the knowledge base of
Drupal, SharePoint and eBooks for PNWRS, R&D and members CIO/WO levels.
* Apply federal, department, and agency web regulations and policies.
« Trained program departments to use MS SharePoint to collect files, data, publications, and agency policies into one central hub.
« Ensure that all material presented is in compliance with copyright requirements and section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act.

Computer Assistant, GS-5, 02/2010 to 07/2013
Pacific Northwest Research Station — City, STATE
* Managed internet and intranet sites.
Created and modified publication database entries within the Forest Services’ Research Information Tracking System (RITS)
Administered SharePoint sites.

Provide group and one-on-one training to staff and new site owners.

Converted print publications to eBook format for Readers, including: embedding video and audio media clips.

Computer Department Intern, 08/2008 to 05/2009
Camas School District - City, STATE
* Designed and proto-typed a web-based, IT assets inventory tracking system, using Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP, HTML, and
CSS.
« Assisted all levels of school districts technical staff, with projects and day to day operations.
* Planned and deploying technology for teachers and students in the Camas School District, including software migration,
computer and server upgrades.
« Establish a fleet of Linux OS laptops, that saved the school district over $250,000, by repurposing old laptops marked to be
recycled.
« Assist with Citrix software, MS Office, Adobe Suite, Linux based Ubuntu and applications.
« Installed, maintained and repaired network hardware/software on multiple-campuses.
« Setup over 80 media presentations carts with sound systems for classes, working after normal work hours and weekends to

minimize downtime for dassrooms

Database Intern, 05/2008 to 07/2009
CountryDoc — City, STATE
* Create a patient tracking system using MS Access relationship database to help market a naturopathic clinic.

Office/Building Manager, 2005 to 09/2005
Camas Church Of The Nazarene - City, STATE
* 32-hour work week

* Managed a church office, created correspondence and newsletters

Scheduled and setup satellite seminars and media presentations.
Coordinated building use for Homelink River charter school, to provide a safe and functional classrooms and facilities.
Scheduled and supervised events for church and school.

Geek Squad Tech, 09/2004 to 11/2004
Best Buy — City, STATE
* Geek Squad Tech
* Assist customers with troubleshooting their computer problems, and technical questions.
+ Upgrade hardware and software, removed viruses-spyware, sold computers and accessories, setup new computers to BestBuy

specifications for quick sales.

Marine Science Technician, E-6, 10/1984 to 04/2004
United States Coast Guard — City, STATE
* Provided level I, Il and IIIT support as a Regional System Manager for other 400 workstations, across multiple Coast Guard
campus, at remote field stations, and for facilities on ships.
* Provided training a assistance to system operators at units in problem solving, daily operations, including system backups, user

profile setups, and user support.

Displayed courtesy and strong interpersonal skills with all customer interactions.

Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, dealers and consumers.

Assisted customers with technical issues via email, live chat and telephone.

Created and supported multiple MS Access databases to track business needs.

Education and Training

Master of Science: Management and Organizational Leadership, 08/2015
Warner Pacific University - Portland, OR
‘Management and Organizational Leadership

Certification: ITIL Foundation, 2016

New Horizons - Beaverton, OR

Bachelor of Science: Technology, 06/2009
Eastern Washington University - Cheney, WA
Technology

Site Builder and Theming: Drupal, Content Management, 08/2012
OpenSourcery - Portland, OR

Additional Skills

‘Web, Content Management Systems, team collaborator/facilitator, innovator inspection, audits, presentations, researcher, self-

starter,T1, problem solver