JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Dedicated, focused and energetic consultant with 12 years experience in office operations who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks
simultaneously and following through to achieve company goals. Organized and professional. Seeking to broaden and advance my career and

exceed company's expectations

 

HIGHLIGHTS

Meticulous attention to detail

Strong verbal and written skills

Results-oriented

Ability to work in changing, face-paced environment

* Self-directed + Exceptional customer service and phone capabilities
* Time management « Fast leamer
+ Professional and mature
* Team player
* Dependable
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Coordinated staff meetings and executed manager's office duties when she was not in center.

Received high remarks from both clients and managers for outstanding customer service focus.

Received merit for exceeding various goals within our market.

Eamed a raise during every yearly review based on all company expectations.

Consistently met performance expectations, including flexible work schedules and supported the center team in achieving goals and quotas.

 

EXPERIENCE
Consultant, 07/2006 - Current
Benz Communications — New York, NY
Responsible and accountable for meeting the needs of existing and potential clients through the professional delivery of the Jenny Craig
program, including all service tools that impact the center's revenues and profitability
Accountable for executing exceptional customer service while complying with program integrity.

‘Managed the reception area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information,

Responsible for keeping clients successfully on the program by conducting weekly consultations, making follow-up calls, live confirmation
calls and rescheduling clients.

Operated and maintained electronic and paper filing systems. Confirming client information was current and correct. Ensured all health sheets

were completed and any pre-authorization that was needed from doctor's was followed up with in a timely manner.

Spent at least 90% of my day either on the phone or face to face with clients.

Responsible for creating unique, informational and professional letters to mail to current and pre-existing clients

Made copies, sent faxes and handled incoming and outgoing correspondences.

Created and supported a positive work environment by diffusing disagreements between fellow employees and discouraging unproductive

negative talk,

Facilitated working relationships with co-tenants and building management.

Responsible for generating guest sales, selling complete Jenny Craig menu plans, doing service checks with current clients, upgrading programs

and presenting additional support to meet clients needs.

Accountable for inventory of clients orders, collecting payments, pulling food and non-food products, conducting mini-balances and assisting
the Center Director with banking as directed.

Quickly leamed and adapted as well as help train others on a new computer system that was introduced as the company upgraded it's
technology.

Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.

Program Director/Program Director Float/Acting Center Director, 06/2001 - 07/2006
Jenny Craig — City, STATE

*Same skills as consultant as well as the following:

Responsible for the business activity within the center on a daily basis, including staffing requirements, candidate interviews, supervising
employees, and determining and coordinating training to develop employees.

Required to set weekly employee schedules based on center's needs and to staff appropriately.

Scheduled, managed and conducted weekly staff meetings.

‘Managed payroll expenses and requirements based on companies expected volume,

Organized daily reports and found effective systems for ensuring all employee's goals were being met

Built effective teams by creating a strong morale and spirit, fostered open dialog, let employees be responsible for their work, created a feeling
of belonging within the team, kept our team well informed and finally, by managing diversity and controlling center turnover.

Upheld strong business ethics during both good and bad times and applied fair and consistent treatment to all employees.

‘Made myself available to travel to centers within or market based on the market's needs.

Ability to go into an unfamiliar center and generate business and meet that specific center's needs based on the reading and analyzing of daily
reports

 

EpucaTion

2001
Pioneer Westfield High School - Westfield, WI