JESSICA CLAIRE

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

Summary

 

Accomplished and results-oriented finance professional who consistently meets deadlines and increases department revenue. Highly skilled at
increasing productivity through detailed cost analysis

 

Hicuucars

Microsoft Office : Intermediate in all the Microsoft Office SAP PeopleSoft: Navigate within Resource one to retrieve financial
components( Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Access); Very reports and run queries;Financial modeling Superior time

familiar with ( Macros, V-look ups, calculating formulas and management;Complex problem solving

manipulating reports as well as smart view) Running query reports and
creating reports.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 

Led the development of a reconciliation system to increase productivity and efficiency. Increased effectiveness by 25% through compliance
enforcement and implementation of a new quality control system,

EXPERIENCE

 

07/2014 to Current Accountant
Arizona State Us

 

srsity — Tempe, AZ
‘© Analyze federal, state and private documents, including restricted and non-restricted grant contracts.

‘© Create financial models and analysis for all accounts within our department.

‘* Present monthly financial report to principal investigators to provide brief summary of their funding.

Increase productivity by fifteen percent within the department by analyzing all open PO's.

Analyze and evaluate operation of financial systems, prepare recommendations and documents to update fiscal
services and other related policies and procedures with respect to operating systems.

Streamlined reconciliation process to a more accurate, efficient and automated process.

Completes special projects as assigned by the department Administrator.

12/2012 to 08/2014 Staff Accountant
Vmly&R - Kalamazoo, MI

« Full cycle accountant for several operating companies within Sysco Foods Company; completed and issued weekly,
monthly, and quarterly financial statements to the operating companies for review and submit to the corporate
office.

‘* Uplaod and run reports in business objects for CFO ofoperating company to review.

+ Verified journal ledger entries of cash and check payments, purchases, expenses and trial balances by examining
and authenticating inventory items.

‘ Prepared monthly P&L for several operating companies within the Sysco Corporation and research variances,
reviewed transactions in the GL for accuracy, and researched transactions that deviate from the purpose of the
account,

* Reconciled aging AR transactions and performed financial analysis, identified and explained deviations from
planned or historical data

‘* Assisted in evaluating control systems in the accounting process to ensure operating companies comply with
GAAP as well as provided the necessary information to both intemal and external auditors on an as needed basis.

‘© Reviewed account reconciliation from other accountants in a timely manner.

01/2010 to 02/2012 Accountant /Auditor
Prairie View A&M U1 ty — City, STATE

‘ Served as both an accountant and auditor within the department of financial services

The role consisted of utilizing software applications to compile, retrieve, and summarize accounting information
for analysis and reporting purposes.

‘* Examined accounting source documents for accuracy, completeness, and compliance with departmental and state
rules, regulations, and agreements.

+ Provided financial trainings for over 240 faculty and staff employees to enforce the rules and regulations of the
procurement card set by set the State of Texas procurement regulation.

‘© Maintained controlling records required to ensure accuracy of all data entered into the accounting system.

‘= Identified and reported situations not in compliance with PVAMU internal controls, policies, and procedures,
recommending improvements to the accounting process to optimize intemal control.

+ Performed duties in compliance with GAAP, company and department policies and procedures, internal controls
and Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.

* Reviewed expense report for irregularities and recommended corrective measures to improve internal controls

+ Prepared adjusting and closing entries, statements, and analyze financial operations

   

iversi

 

 

 

 

Epucation

‘May 2011 Masters of Science: Accounting
Prairie View A&M University - Prairie View, TX
Accounting

Dec 2009 BBA: Accounting
Prairie View A&M University - Prairie View, TX
Accounting

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

 

CPA Candidate Participated in various community activities, including the Phi Beta Lambda and National Association of Black Accountants
Texas Society of CPA's Beta Gamma Sigma Greater Women's Chamber of Society Completed all the Research Operations Curriculum in
2015

Semis

 

account reconciliation, accounting system, AR, budget, business objects, closing, Contracts, financial analysis, financial controls, financial
operations, financial reports, financial statements, GL, Grants, inventory, invoicing, ledger, Macros, Access, Excel, Microsoft Office, office,
Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Monitors, operating systems, PeopleSoft, policies, processes, procurement, reporting, Research, SAP, Sarbanes-
Oxley, training materials, view