Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

* Dynamic, results-driven, logistics manager with 25+ years of experience working within fast-paced environments. Innovative

and self-motivated leader who excels in the development and delivery of efficient processes, productive operations, and excellent

customer service. Strong communication skills, serving as a valuable coordinator, liaison, and manager. Education and

Experience in: Warehouse Management
* Project Management

* Customer Service Sales

« Logistics Operations Management Customer Relationship-Building

* Account Management

* Inventory accuracy

© Quality and Performance Metrics Front and Back Office Administration

« Human Resources
+ Budgeting and Finances
« Strategic Planning

Skills

‘* Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
* Netsuite Software

* Company-specific applications for data management and

Employee relations, Supervisory
Estimating, Supervisor

Executive Management

reporting Filling
‘* Web-based tools for online research and communications Financial
* Administrative, Progress Hiring
* Benefits, Promotion « Human Resource
* Budgets, Quality * Instruction
* Business solutions, Rapport * Insurance
* Credit, Receiving * Inventory
* Clients, Recruiting * Legal
* Client, Recruitment * Letters
* Customer service, Reporting * Logistics
+ Data management, Routing * Meetings
* Database, Sales * Excel
* Delivery, Shipping * Microsoft Office Suite
* Outlook

+ PowerPoint
* Windows Operating Systems
* Word

* Works

* Online research

* Payroll

* Personnel

© Pricing

Work History

Customer Service Advocate, 10/2010 to 02/2011
Bmw Group - Atlanta, GA

Assisted customers with questions and concerns regarding company and product information, answering inquiries on consumer
matters such as order status, product complaints, and return policy information.

Met or exceeded productivity quotas, assisting over 90 customers each day.

Project Manager and Chief Estimator, 06/1998 to 01/2009
Precision Metals And Hardware — City, STATE

Developed, implemented, and managed subcontractor projects and operations, working closely with clients throughout the
process to create customized business solutions.

Implemented innovative pricing strategies and client programs that targeted existing business accounts as well as new clients in
order to optimize growth and company revenue

Spearheaded large accounts and personally managed key clients.

Managed several projects simultaneously, overseeing productivity, generating activity reports, providing progress updates, and
motivating employees.

Achieved goal of $2.6M in invoiced dollars in 2007.

Promoted to Project Manager from Chief Estimator.

Reached an annual estimating output of over $30 million as Chief Estimator.

Human Resource Assistant and Shipping Supervisor, 01/1992 to 06/1998
Sullivan Schein — City, STATE

Began employment as Shipping Supervisor and moved into the role of Human Resource Assistant to provide support for
recruitment, hiring, training, benefits, and employee relations for over 1,000 employees.

Partnered with employees and managers on employee claims and legal issues,

Responded to questions from employees regarding benefits, 401k, training, and internal promotions.

Performed hiring duties such as offer letters, background checks, new employee orientation, employee record updates, and
recruiting reports.

Managed and processed records for terminations, AAP compliance, FMLA and COBRA, health insurance claims, and worker's
compensation claims.

Directed and managed all teams and operations involved in shipping, receiving, and processing functions for over 200 orders

each day as Shipping Supervisor.

Education

Returns Manager | Warehouse Supervisor | Logistics | Dash Medical Gloves: Current
Franklin, WI

Works within a series of positions that have increased in scope and responsibility with each promotion for this leading
distributer of medical gloves and supplies

Coordinates orders and shipping with other departments such as sales, customer service and warehouse. Provides warehouse
supervisory assistance and guides training of warehouse personnel.

Oversees inventory accuracy, order filling, and routing efficiencies and cost. Create distribution plans to coordinate the physical
movement of inventory to a wide range of destinations. Determine the most advantageous shipping methods based on specific
routes, times, weight, cost, and federal regulations. Prepare products for shipment.

Track product and delivery information within the database. Perform routine quality checks on shipments, communicating often
with recipients to ensure that deliveries are made according to plan. Build rapport and develop solid working relationships with
customers while identifying current and future needs. Serve as a main point-of-contact for information, questions, and issues.
Develop, manage, and perform all functions involved in the product return cycle, from initial customer request and return,
instruction to product receipt and credit processing

Conduct inventory analysis on a regular basis to ensure optimal product levels to meet customer demand.

Support administrative, operational, and financial functions for the distribution center.

Monitor budgets and P&L statements, carefully tracking income and expenditures. Institute effective controls for expenses and
payroll to maximize net profits.

Attend meetings with the Executive Management Team to present updates, reports, and recommendations for further growth.
Take on additional roles and duties, often leading special projects or assisting with overflow work.

Bachelor of Science: Health Administration, 2014

University of Phoenix

Associate of Arts Degree: Psychology, 2012

University of Phoenix