Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Bookkeeping and accounting professional successful at achieving exceptional results in high pressure environments. Desires a

position as a bookkeeper, who isfocused on providing quality accounting and financial recordkeeping support.

Skills

Accounts payable specialist Payroll processing specialist
Advanced computer proficiency (both PC and Mac)

Invoice and payment transactions * Superior attention to detail

Accounts receivable specialist

Account reconciliations
MS Office expert

Effective time management

Exceptional organization
Work History

Accountant, 07/XXX0 to 02/XXX2_

Amphitheater Public Schools - Tucson, AZ

Performed the daily cage audit, performed daily cash reporting, answered P& L questions, researched various items for the owner/
general manager, reconciled balance sheet accounts monthly, performed audits on secured documents, completed semi-annual cash
accountability, completed month-end procedures, up to and including journal entries, carried out general ledger functions, including
account analysis and reconciliations, journal entries, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and payroll. Prepared financial
statements, completed payroll processing. Also assisted in gift shop purchasing, display set-ups, cashiering, monthly inventories, and
stocking.

Accounting Clerk III, 01/2003 to 08/2009

Alex Alternative Experts, Inc. — Washington, DC

Performed daily cage and marker audits, daily cash reporting, answered P & L questions, researched various items for the controller,
department managers and supervisors, and the director of finance, reconciled balance sheet accounts, audits on secured documents,
markers, and card & die, completed semi-annual cash accountability, month- end procedures, up to and including journal entries,
quarterly marker and credit audits. Carried out general ledger functions, including account analysis and reconciliations, journal
entries, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and payroll. Prepared financial statements and completed payroll processing. Also

assisted in quarterly inventories for the gift shop, c-store, and food departments.

Gaming Auditor, 03/2001 to 01/2003

Pioneer Hotel & Gambling Hall - City, STATE

Hard count, soft count, audit of the pit, Keno, progressives, jackpots, fill, verified coin counts and drops, verified bill counts and
validators.

Education

Associate of Arts: Accounting
University of Phoenix - Online - Glendale, AZ
Thave 3 credits left in order to graduate.