EILEEN MURRAY

Malling Ane: EM6@zoLcom Reser
PO. Box 76 Home: (555) 355.5558, 489 Jenson Ron
“Treston, N] 00000 Mole: (55) 555-5555 “Trenton, NI O00

 

PHARMACEUTICAL SALES PROFESSIONAL

 

Highly motivated top producing profesional witha veriiable recon! in cultivating account ae and
conitentlyachicving tale goat through a convaltstwe sling approach.

Sime

Organizing, planning and managing time and territory for optimum productivity and results,
[Excel in all levels ofthe sales process with pamicular strengths in closing the sale
Proven ability to develop and exseute marketing program that contribute to business growth
Strong leadesship skills ae evident in waining and mentoring new sales professionals

‘+ Team-osiented, collaborating with couaterpats 19 share information/eooedinate program efforts,
‘maimizing wlationships and business growth opportunities.

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

 

REYNOLDS PHARMACEUTICAL, Trenton, NJ
Cardiovascular Sales Representative + 2002 to present

Develop and manage new teritony with responsibilty or masking and sling canliovaseularand GL
pharmaceuticals to cndilogitn, mary ete phsicans and othe healtheare professionals im medical ofc,
Joaplnh and plnamacks hs New Joey markct Matotsinan bien 104 cullpendeyachedele: Pocent i
serie rina seminars to nursing profesional and physician education programs om preduct usage benefit
serd eaten} of cscs och as hppedicason ad soph. Dac pur eal fain eel heath gpmpesions
Spence fy Sieg eapievand creme bei ee

Results
1+ Estublithal ssecerfl account rdationships with physicians and pharmcits, bul rapport and
4+ Recognized a ff out of 10 sak profesionak dstet wile, consistently exceeding quot in highly
compatiive market
Ranked #1 gut of 100 psn dni ad ieplon €or one a Campus prochics tn 2003.
‘Developed lenthl ply sche advorsts for prot line, laddingous of te bapast candlegy races
Sten
‘Seecked by Dnt Ming delle pocicnth i Tes sel shAb arial en ere
‘Awanled for earning top gades.onal Gexams inthe pharmacology and cantineatela raining program.

PHARMA, INC. Treston, NI
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative + 1999 16 2002

Managed sn up terrors for Johnson & Johnson contact, promoting and selinzantbioic and
ixdivarculir product 19 intemal malicine physicians, cardiologin and wrobygits im medical practice and
hospital settings. Coordinated relationship bulking phvvican education, speaker and consulting programs

Results

(6 -Acticred shaking shosupout snd Sat ob Bo eps epmvre od dekdlopad crear elias
sth several snDucota thou leader im the physics commit

‘+ Execeded sales goals by 115% foreach product, inching tipling Avelox prescriptions inthe Gt 3
toms. Won 8 sales inceinive comese Sorsutetantaly ieteaing marke sham.

‘+ Sclcted to min new Pharma and Johnson & Johmon sak rps in elective tory management and
‘onulstve sling stutegies, a well a sntedueing them to area physicians

4+ Desgnated s+ preset expert (for Atel) and choven for leadership roles, including representing, Dharma
af ees can lceace ook eine ig proccerdors ovadlig eknirces