Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Summary
Thave recently completed five years of military service with the United States Army. During my tenure in the service, Ihave acquired
training and experience in a variety of areas including human resources management, staff training, operations management,
customer service, and personnel administration. As you will note from my resume, I have progressed through several levels of
leadership responsibilities and have excelled in consistently exceeding organizational goals for productivity and quality. Based on
my diverse experience, extensive training, and strong work ethic, Iam confident that I would quickly become a valuable member of
your organization. It would be my pleasure to meet with you in person, to further discuss my qualifications. Thank you for your time
and consideration. Ilook forward to speaking with you by the end of the week. Sincerely, Jessica Claire To obtain a position utilizing
ay skills to achieve organizational goals

Highlights
Troubleshooting proficiency
‘Microsoft Office expert

Strong ActiveX troubleshooting skills

DHCP/DNS Ethernet and Firewall proficient
MS Office proficiency

Accomplished with mobile devices

Proficient in AVG, Printers, PC Security systems

Patient and diligent

Exceptional telephone etiquette

Experience

QUALITY ASSURANCE ADVOCATE , 07/2014 to Current
Southern Glazer's Wine And Spirits, Lic~ Middletown, NY
« Time 40 hrs/week Audit and report on customer interactions using the current Time Warner Cable Quality program Utilizing the
Time Warner Cable Quality database, recording platforms, and analytics tools, perform trend based auditing and data entry
Calibrate for consistency Hold supervisor forums Support New Hire training via role play and mentoring Use of speech
analytics to facilitate and monitor trends Active in site level events supporting the Quality initiative (this may include mentoring,

new hire support, recognition events, etc.).

SIGNATURE HOME ADVISOR , 04/2013 to 07/2014
Vicinia Property Management - Macon, GA

 

« Time 40 hrs/week Responsible for providing quality service to customers via phone in account activation, maintenance, billing,
problem solving, modification, enhancement and when required, de-activation.
* Maintains a focus on sales culture by upselling products and services to existing customers and making customer retention a

priori

 

« Utilizes a thorough knowledge of billing system functions, order entry processes, TWC marketing strategies and pricing
structure, TWC products and services, and troubleshooting of those products and services.
* Troubleshoots with TWC subscribers who are having difficulty with video and data services utilizing all available diagnostic

tools.

RETAIL SALES CONSULTANT, 04/2012 to 04/2013
Encompass Health — Pelham, AL
« Time 30 hrs/week.
* Sold all products and services offered by the Company.
* Met all sales objectives and handle all administrative aspects of the sale including: completing customer contracts and
warranties, pulling products from inventory, accepting customer payments and filing the completed orders.

‘* Maintained strong knowledge of all Company products, accessories, pricing plans, promotions, and service features

LEASING CONSULTANT, 07/2011 to 04/2012
Farmtek - Dyersville, [A
« Time 30 hrs/week.
« Interacted with prospective and current residents to explain the apartment community and its units, along with the benefits of
the living there to achieve maximum occupancy and net operating income.
* Responsible for ensuring that the entire leasing process is completed in accordance with the policies and procedures outlined in
the Management Excellence Series.
« Assisted with preparing leasing paperwork (ie.
« applications, lease agreements, addenda, employment checks, credit checks and leasing move-in packets.), collecting and

safeguarding of all monies, maintaining all resident files, and completing of service request forms

INTERN STUDENT, 01/2010 to 05/2011
Brattleboro Memorial Hospital - Brattleboro, VT
« Time 30 hrs/week Analyzed and resolved both simple and complex computer problems Provided effective, courteous, and
timely responses to requests for service Maintained confidentiality and integrity of information residing on client systems, as

well as physical security of those systems Integrated clients’ desktop systems with supported RIT systems and servers,

HUMAN RESOURCE ASSISTANT, 05/2008 to 12/2009
Charlotte MEPS - City, STATE
« Time 40hrs/week Conducted either the pre-enlistment and/or the pre-accession interview of applicants Questioned applicants to
obtain and/or verify complete data required for entry into the military service Acquired training and experience in a variety of
areas including human resources management, staff training, and personnel administration Broke down, assembled, and
distributed applicant enlistment record packets for all services Determined types of orders and pertinent information from
enlistment documents.

HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGER, 11/2002 to 07/2007
UNITED STATES ARMY - City, STATE
« Time 40hrs/week Completed five years with the US.
+ Amy, gained upper-level manager status Participated in the complete revitalization and overhaul of the U'S.
* Military in general Supervised employees In/out processing, over 10,000 employee records, customer service, and employee
personnel actions Led company to receiving one of the top finance awards in the Responsible for database accuracy for more
than 20,000 employee records on a daily basis.

Education

Bachelor of Science: Business Administration Computer Information Systems, May 2013
North Carolina Central University - Durham, NC

Business Administration Computer Information Systems

Master of Science Administration of Justice: Law Enforcement Organizations, March 2016
University of Phoenix - Charlotte, NC

Law Enforcement Organizations

Associate of Applied Science: Computer Network Systems, December 2009
ITT Technical Institute - Charlotte, NC
Computer Network Systems

Interests
ITT Technical Institute, Gamma Beta Phi Honor Society NCCU, Iota Tau Chapter of Phi Beta Lambda, INC
Skills

administrative, Army, auditing, benefits, billing, billing system, Cable, contracts, credit, client, clients, customer service, data entry,
database, features, filing, finance, focus, forms, human resources management, inventory, marketing strategies, mentoring, order
entry, personnel, policies, pricing, problem solving, processes, Quality, receiving, recording, sales, servers, speech, staff training,
supervisor, phone, trend, troubleshooting, video

Additional Information

* ACTIVITIES ITT Technical Institute, Gamma Beta Phi Honor Society NCCU, Iota Tau Chapter of Phi Beta Lambda, INC