Jessica CLAIRE

HeatTucare CusToMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor e (555) 432-1000 e resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Healthcare Service Representative bringing top-notch skills in oral and written communication, active listening and analytical

problem-solving skills. Enhances customer experiences by employing service-oriented behaviors, understanding customer desires
and providing customized solutions to build loyalty. Understanding of HIPAA, ability to learn new software quickly.

Skills
« Budget and Records Management * Document Oversight
« Archival Materials * Understanding Customer Needs

‘Customer Communication

Issue and Complaint Resolution

Electronic Content Management Teamwork and Collaboration

Microsoft Word * Attention to Detail
Maintaining Confidentiality

Microsoft Excel

Work History

Records Management Specialist, 02/2022 to Current
Caci International Inc. - Dunkirk, MD

Scanned paper documents into computer and assigned identification numbers to simplify tracking process.
making sure the scanned document an exact copy of the original hard copy document, per V-QMS-051206, Good Documentation
practices

Resubmitted claims after editing or denial to achieve financial targets and reduce outstanding debt.

Promoted efficient document processing by maintaining orderly and clean control room.

Utilized Ephesoft Transact to scan and clean up project documents

Verified client information by analyzing existing evidence on file.

Adhered to established procedures for handling sensitive and classified documents to retain chain of custody integrity.
Developed and edited template contracts with changes in company’s service lines or new development.

Gathered, reviewed and input True Copy Verification approval reports each day using Alfresco software

Collaborated across departments and levels of management to gain consensus on procedural documentation.

Identified areas of weakness and recommended or implemented process improvements

Managed file archival and information retrievals.

Assisted with document troubleshooting and recovery of corrupt documents and files.

Reviewed document management protocols and user activities against internal records policies and document management
standards,

Converted documents from one application to another,

Contacted document requestors and obtained additional information required to process document requests.’

Patient Experience Coordinator, 12/2019 to 01/2022
Common Spirit - Gold River, CA

Assisted with feeding and monitored intake to help patients achieve nutritional objectives.
Answered patient assistance calls, assessed needs and offered qualified support.

Obtained patient vital signs and reported results to staff nurse or physician, noting changes from prior measurements
‘Maximized patient satisfaction by helping individuals carry out personal tasks such as dressing and walking.

Evaluated patients to identify and address wounds, behavioral concerns and medically relevant symptoms.

Supported patient admissions, discharges and transfers to promote team productivity.

Followed document protocols to safeguard confidentiality of patient records.

Helped address client complaints through timely corrective actions and appropriate referrals.

‘Taught patients and families to use at-home medical equipment.

Kept current with literature and felid advancements to advocate to and for patients.

Maintain high standards of Confidentiality to safeguard and protect Patient's Right and comply with all company and facilities
policies and HIPPAA regulations.

Organized patient records and database to facilitate information storage and retrieval.

Monitored, tracked and conveyed important patient information to healthcare staff to help optimize treatment planning and care
delivery,

Facilitated communication between patients and various departments and staff.

Applied administrative knowledge and courtesy to explain procedures and services to patients.

Offered simple, clear explanations to help clients and families understand hospital policies and procedures.

Worked with patients to ascertain issues and make referrals to appropriate specialists.

Recommended service improvements to minimize recurring patient issues and complaints.

Data Entry Specialist, 10/2013 to 11/2019
Qve, Ine. - Rocky Mount, NC

‘Compiled data and reviewed information for accuracy prior to input.
Completed data entry tasks with accuracy and efficiency.

Entered numerical data into databases with speed and accuracy using 10-key pad.

Managed workflow scheduling, data entry and accuracy verification for large data projects.

Reviewed and updated client correspondence files and database information to maintain accurate records.

Identified data entry errors and reported to necessary departments.

Scanned documents and saved in database to keep records of essential organizational information.

Corrected data entry errors to prevent later issues such as duplication or data degradation.

Managed documents by organizing forms, making photocopies, filing records, preparing correspondence and creating reports.
Compiled monthly budget reports, financial spreadsheets and organizational charts to support business operations and improve
office organization.

Drafted reports for upper management as directed.

Executed data verification to detect errors,

Produced monthly reports using advanced Excel spreadsheet functions.

Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

Supported multiple departments with special projects.

Reviewed completed work for compliance with regulations.

Investigate discrepancies as they arise.

review and file documents using internal systems and email

Inventory Clerk, 01/2013 to 09/2013
Sonoco ~ Wilson, NC

‘Completed physical inventory counts each month.
Recorded information, shortages and discrepancies to keep records current and accurate

Maintained inventory count, tracked usage and documented variances.

Evaluated supplies and product inventory to check for quality and quantity issues and returned unacceptable materials to
vendors

Kept documentation and records accurate and up-to-date with latest data to prevent errors in processing or delivery.

Used hand-held devices and computers to record and monitor inventory levels and completed audits to uncover and address
inaccuracies.

Verified incoming products and checked delivery totals to keep system records current and accurate

Marked stock items with identification tags, stamps, electric marking tools or other labeling equipment.

Maintained strong vendor connections by arranging pricing and delivery structures and managing specific shipment or
paperwork concerns.

Recorded adjustments, pallet audits and tracked discrepancies.

Verified contents of inventory loads against Bills of Lading.

‘Completed scheduled inventory counts and supply audits to track shrinkage and inform purchasing decisions.

Administered inventory network, controlled stockroom procedures and supervised warehouse administration exercises.
Developed master production schedule to satisfy production demand while carrying minimum active inventory for just-in-time
manufacturing.

Taking inbound phone calls regarding inventory.

Education

Bachelor of Science: Health Information Technology, 03/2024
Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH