Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Professional Summary

Highly organized and independent, able to effectively coordinate tasks to accomplish projects with timeliness and creativity.

Skills

Ability to work in fast-paced and result-orientated environments, Enthusiastic, self-motivated team player and fast leamer.
achieving deadlines and working unsupervised. Bilingual: English / Spanish Intermediate: Portuguese
Work History

Private Banking Assistant, 04/2010 to Current
Associated Bank - Woodbury, MN
* Review customer's documentation and open new accounts for individuals and corporations for DDA and investments accounts
following policies and procedures from Compliance Department
* Manage Dormant and Deceased Accounts, review proper documentation in order to update the status of the accounts.
* Update accounts (account titling, beneficiary designations) request proper documentation in order to add / remove account
owners, POA, ITEs, signers.
* Act as Liaison between client and bank with both investments and personal needs.
* Verify, execute and follow up of instructions of customers, including W8s and Hold Mail instructions, change of permanent and
mailing address.
* Execute money transfers and other instructions (Time Deposits, Foreign currency, etc)
« Ensure the safety and security of both the client's and Bank Leumi's assets (Fraud Attempts)
* Handle and follow up of checkbooks, credit cards and Leumi Direct requests and L/C.
* Prepare annual reviews for customer accounts (KYC) Generate and follow up of daily, weekly and monthly reports for BLUSA

and investments accounts.

Offer products and prepare CTR reports.

Executive Assistant, 11/2008 to 04/2010
Bell Helicopter - CA, State
« Prepared monthly reports to the general manager.
* Handled claimants and insurance companies with any inquiries
* Confirmed claimant's IME appointments covered by insurance companies, such as United Auto Insurance, US Security, Bristol
West Insurance, America Assurance, etc.
« Assisted with the Schedule and Re-schedule of IME appointments Maintained proper proof of mail from documentation sent by

claimants.

BSA Analyst, 2008 to 03/2008
Bridge Bancorp, Inc. - Whitestone, NY
* Monitored and reviewed cases and alerts for individual, corporate and PIC accounts.
« Identified suspicious/unusual activity, such as, multiple even amount transactions from/to MSB or third parties (companies/
individuals), high cash activity, checks sequentially numbered.
« Identified accounts that might transact with non-regulated MSBs, bond traders or PIC/individual accounts that might be
transacting commercial activity.
* Prepared one to two year full account review for subpoena purposes.
* Analyzed early paid off loan transactions

«Informed about suspicious or unusual activity to the immediate Supervisor.

Custody Analyst, 07/2007 to 10/2007
Societe Generale - Chicago, IL

+ Prepared and analyzed cash (securities) reconciliation on a daily basis.

+ Prepared free deliveries and free receipts instructions in ECA, DIC, FED and other funds in Workbench and Olympic System.
Maintained open and dlosed accounts per RM instructions.

Assisted and interacted with counterparties, custodians and prime brokers such as Merrill Lynch, Franklin Templeton, Morgan
Stanley, etc.

Maintained and updated log for account assignment.

Assisted custody team members on other projects as required.

Je. Relationship Manager, 03/2006 to 06/2007
Brown And Riding ~ Petaluma, CA

* Reviewed documentation for account validation purposes (corporate and individuals) Documentation included copy of the
companies’ bylaws, the board's minutes, identifications, corporate resolutions, ownership structures, organizational charts, and
current financial information.

* Reviewed the client due diligence (CDD) information, such as, purpose of the account, source of income, source of wealth, list of
products that the client maintains with the bank, the comments of the account officers, the account activity information and the
list of the parties with whom the customer transacts business with.

« Identified the risk of the account by reviewing the account statement.

« Prepared a summary of the account products.

Compliance Assistant, 04/2004 to 02/2006
Performance Food Group — Lake Mills, WI
* Maintained quality control of information of approximately 1000 clients; used AML System to monitor accounts and their
activity.
« Assisted the Compliance Officer in monitoring all account opening and documentation for compliance with bank policies and
procedures by analyzing customer accounts for unusual or suspicious activity,
« Assisted the Credit, Customer Service and Operations Departments when needed and works on special projects related to the

‘Compliance Area.

Senior Customer Service Representative, Current to Current
Firehouse Subs — Harrison, OH
« Assisted approximately 1000 customers at the office or over the phone with preparation of documentation for new accounts
alongside the General Manager.
* Established about 15 new accounts monthly with proper receipt of documentation and response to client requests and questions
as needed.

* Performed call back or code verification on funds and transfer requests.

Assistant Manager, 08/2003 to 03/2004
Firehouse Subs -— Hill, TN
* Coordinated and implemented office services such as payroll, purchasing and records control.

* Oversaw monthly payables and receivables and leases for about 800 apartments.

Assistant Manager, 2002 to 06/2003
Boeing - Redstone Arsenal, AL
+ Supervised inventory control of merchandise & apparel for the event.

* Prepare monthly reports for management.

Financial Analyst, 04/1998 to 09/2001
Firehouse Subs — Hobbs, NM, Peru
« Prepared treasury operations and analyzed everyday bank reconciliation.
* Produced daily and monthly cash flow reports for upper management.
* Review monthly general ledger detail for specific accounts.
* Performed all accounting functions.

Assistant Manager, 01/1996 to 03/1998
Banco De Credito Del Peru — City, STATE
« Executed regular banking transactions and operations daily Processed payroll for various organizations from within of

approximately 250 employees.
Certifications

Compliance Officer Certification (Center for Financial Training)

Education

Bachelor of Arts: Accounting and Finance, 2000
San Martin University - Lima

Languages

Bilingual: English / Spanish Intermediate: Portuguese