Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Summary

‘Manager candidate seeking opportunities within the realm of Human Resources Management and or Directorship with an

organization looking to make a change to their overall common operating picture.

Skills
* Recruitment, Screening, I9-Verification, Management, Human + 98
Resources, Security Management, Conflict Resolution, Microsoft Word
Mentoring, Coaching, Counseling, Policy Implementation, Optimization
Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Organizational Organizational Design
Design, After Action Review, Process Optimization, Organizational

Quantitative Data Analysis, Performance Evaluation,

Performance Reviews

Transformational Leadership, Outsourcing, CEO Personnel
Coordination, Organizational Presentation, Workplace Policies
Budgeting, Superseding Goals and Objectives, Retention Recruitment
Improvement, Family and Medical Leave Act, Corrective Safety
Actions and Investigations, OSHA Consultative Services, Scheduling
EHS, Loss Prevention, CCTV, Contract Binding Agreements, Staffing
EEO, Performance Reviews Strategy

+ Budgeting Structured

* Coaching Human resources standards

* Conflict Resolution

* Counseling

* Data Analysis
* Functional

* Government

« Human Resources
* Leadership

* Loss Prevention

* Mediation

* Mentoring

# Microsoft Excel

+ PowerPoint
Experience

Human Resources and EHS Manager, 12/2018 to Current
Southeastern Tool And Die, INC - City, STATE

« 12 direct reports, on 5 teams, supporting 2 business lines and 13 business and operational functions, implemented a

transformational policy standard raising employee retention rates from 65 percent to 87 percent efficiency.

* Maintained accountability of 132 employees.

« Implemented new policies and point systems for employee performance and mediation.

* Reduced overall worksite casualties by over 90 Percent through EHS Implementation.

+ Developed scheduling procedure saving the organization over $92,000 annually in overtime costs and creating a more efficient

workplace environment.

* Developed an EEO program to diversify candidates between management and unskilled labor.

« Bridged the gap between management and floor employees to create a structured environment for positive growth.

Joint Special Operations Command Fort Bragg.

Patient Administrative Specialist & HR Coordinator, 12/2016 to 12/2018

United States Army Reserve — City, STATE
* Government Safety and Security Manager (TS Clearance),

* Managed a cross functional staff to include site supervisors, captains, lieutenants, and guard personnel.

* Provided firearms, and intrusion detection training to 75 officer personnel.

* Maintained a 100 percent success loss prevention program of sensitive compartmented information facilities throughout the

compound.

* Maintained longevity of employees lasting on average 5.5 years of employment with the organization upon my separation.

* Developed a training program optimization strategy to improve influx of personnel with expanding intrusion detection

implementation standards of the compound and its facilities., In-Processed and out-processed patients within medical facilities

upon deployment of active duty personnel.

* Maintained coverage of 26 personnel between four different squads ensuring the implementation of training, counseling, and

growing individuals into new soles.

* Maintained 100 percent functionality of all departments based on staffing and manning needs throughout the medical facility

while also maintaining 2.3 million dollars in equipment signed for between myself and subordinates below me.

Fire Support Sergeant, 12/2010 to 12/2016
United States Army — City, STATE

* Maintained 144 Troops from battalion level resulting in 98% casualty free operations over 9 months through hazardous combat
zones of combined arms rout clearance operations in Afghanistan.

* Maintained over 25 million dollars in equipment and sensitive items throughout the brigade operating picture.

* Trained, coordinated, and implemented standards of airstrike procedure for subordinates in coordination with the United States
Airforce Joint Tactical Controllers.

Education and Training

Master of Arts: Organizational Management and Development, 2018
American Military University - Charlestown, West Virginia
GPA: 3.89

Bachelor of Arts: Security, 2016
American Military University
GPA: 3.68

Warrior Leadership Course: 2016

Commissioned Officer Academy

Associate of Arts: Human resources Management, 2014
American Military University
GPA: 3.5

Doctor of Strategic Leadership (DSL)
Liberty University - Lynchburg, Virginia
GPA: 3.7

Activities and Honors

Delta Mu Delta Honor Society (Master's Degree), Sword and Shield Honor Society (Bachelors in Security Management), 82nd

Airborne Association