JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Motivating and talented Enrollment Coordinator driven to inspire students to pursue academic and personal excellence. Strives to create a

welcoming and friendly environment to further connect with prospective students.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS:

In an effort to enhance on campus events, I have restructured and redesigned the Deans Welcome Reception to raise attendance from an average
0f 30 attendees to an average of 70 in just two years. I have also taken the schools Social Media efforts to a new level by boosting its

appearance online.

 

EXPERIENCE

Enrollment Coordinator, Office of Graduate Enrollment and Continuing Education, 07/2013 - 05/2015
Smith College School For Social Work — City, STATE.

* Balance Early & Regular Decision, International and Deferred applicants with personal support towards their application needs. Refined
and Strengthened the Deans Welcome Reception for new incoming students. Bridge communication with internal departments, caterers and
vendors while coordinating and hosting all Open Houses on Campus and in California. Manage all recruitment efforts to fairs and
conferences locally and around the country while traveling to many myself and arranging alumni/a volunteers to support our efforts to the
remaining. Utilized technology to connect with prospective students by initiating the use of laptops and iPads at recruitment events.
Strengthened the schools presence by incorporating Social Media (ie. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Blogging). Oversee temporary
and student employee duties while delegating office tasks to support the office needs. I also Manage and administer financial reports and

invoices for both the Continuing Education and Admissions offices.

Admissions Assistant, Office of Graduate Enrollment and Continuing Education, 10/2012 - 07/2013
Smith College School For Social Work — City, STATE.

«Supported prospective students by providing ongoing correspondence to update the applicant regarding their application status. Input
specific application data into software programs and lead campus tours. Prepared Admission and Continuing Education reports as needed
in support of office functions. Coordinated the admission reader assignments and processed their payments. Arranged reports for various
fees and payments received from Admissions and Continuing Education. Oversaw prospect recording in BANNER and with mailing
programs. tended to daily office tasks.

Graduate Assistant, Learning Beyond the Classroom and Center for Civic Engagement., 07/2011 - 04/2012
‘Western New England U1 City, STATE
* Coordinated and advised the Altemative Spring Break Program in support of three separate, student led trips around the country to Virgina,

 

iversit

  

North Carolina and Florida. Collaborated efforts towards the development of an orientation to the City of Springfield for students, faculty,
and staff. Fostered intentional and positive working relationships with community agencies. Participated in weekly staff meetings and
monthly Students Affairs division meetings. Oversaw departmental evening and weekend programming including meetings, trainings, and
service activities. Maintained the Altemative Spring Break budget of $7,500 generated completely by fundraising efforts. Fostered the
students understanding of the Learning Beyond the Classroom Philosophy, based on the premise when you leam by doing you retain

lessons for a lifetime.

AmeriCorps Volunteer & Intern, YMCA Relations Office, 08/2010 - 04/2012
Springfield College — City, STATE
* Detected a need for a more personal connection for our YMCA minor students, which lead me to collaboratively implement a new

Coaching Program called Y-LEAD, a unique program of academic and co-curricular education for students enrolled ina YMCA minor.
Organized the programming and presentations while arranging the recruitment, advertisement and travel details for the annually held,
National Campus YMCA Partnership Conference in New Orleans, Louisiana. While traveling for the National Conference in Louisiana, I
combined efforts with the other traveling YMCA campuses to supervise upwards of 150 students during the educational experiences as,
well as volunteering around New Orleans. Recruited and trained volunteers for YMCA Office sponsored programs on campus and around
the country. Supported the development for the Intemational Educational Experience to London, England by advising the student leaders in
arranging weekly meetings in order to organize the efforts towards the educational goal as well as supervising the traveled of the students.
Advised ¥-Club and the executive student board while supporting recruitment, and retention of student volunteers which included the
developed and assessment of Y-Club program through the use of evaluations. Supervised YMCA students’ travel to educational and
volunteer experience as well as to conferences. Contributed to the recruitment of future students by organizing overnight visits for
prospective high school students to visit the Springfield College Campus, attend classes and join in on Y-Club meetings. Served as a
mentor to the YMCA Minor Professional Study students through one-on-one coaching sessions. And assisted the YMCA Office staff with
hosting and coordinating visiting YMCA groups to campus. I also took a large part in the new addition of the YMCA Hall of fame now

located in Judd Gymnasia

Graduate Assistant, Alumni Relations, 08/2010 - 04/2012
Springfield College — City, STATE
© Created a formula for organizational purposes regarding the three year cycle date completion for the Alumni Council Contributed to

building positive relationships with Springfield College alumni Managed and organized event registrations Traveled and represented
Springfield College at annual summer alumni events AmeriCorps Volunteer, YMCA Relations Office Worked collaboratively to coordinate
and implement new YMCA service and leadership experiences Developed and implemented National Campus YMCA Partnership
conference in New Orleans, Louisiana Recruited and trained volunteers for YMCA Office sponsored programs Supported the development
for the Intemational Educational Experience to London, England Advised Y-Club and the executive student board while supporting
recruitment, and retention of volunteers Supervised YMCA students’ travel to conferences Organized overnight visits for prospective

students Supported and developed the assessment and analysis of YMCA Club program evaluations

Graduate Assistant, Alumni Relations, 04/2011 - 08/2011
Springfield College — City, STATE
«Served as the 2011 Reunion Manager while contributing to building positive relationships with Springfield College alumni I also managed
and organized the 3 days reunion event registrations. Traveled and represented Springfield College at annual summer alumni events while
retaining alumni relationships. As well as created a formula for organizational purposes regarding the three year cycle date completion for

the Alumni Council.

Intern, Undergraduate Admissions Office, 11/2010 - 04/2010
Springfield College — City, STATE
Assisted with the operational details for Springfield College Undergraduate Open House events. Represented Springfield College at high

 

school fairs. Developed the assessment, and analysis of the Student Ambassador Program evaluations. Supported and partook in student
ambassador (Student Tour Guide) preparations. Assisted with recruitment efforts by organizing overnight visits for prospective students.

 

EpucaTion

Master of Education: Psychology Student Personnel Administration Higher Education, May 2012
Springfield College - Springfield, MA
Psychology Student Personnel Administration Higher Education

Bachelor of Science: Psychology Health Studies, May 2010
Springfield College - Springfield, MA
Psychology Health Studies

 

SKILLS

Budgeting, Coaching, Counseling, Financial reports, Fundraising, Leadership, Proficient in Microsoft Office Applications (ie. Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, Publisher, Outlook) proficient in Apple Operating systems (i.e. Macintosh operating system, iPad, iPhone), Organized, Website
operations, Recruitment, Other software programs: Banner, BAR, Cybersource, TouchNet, Manhattan, Social Media: Moodle., Facebook,
Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter.