Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor ¢ (555) 432-1000  resumesampleGexample.com

Summary
Senior Non-Comissioned Officer (E-7) in the United States Air Force (USAF) with top security clearance: DCID 4. Military leader
with nearly 15 years of proven track record of global mission success. Highly motivated and results-driven military professional
recognized for talent development, team building, and analytical skills. The recepient of numerous awards in recognitions for
illustrating exceptional organizational and time management proficiencies, enhanced analytical and sound decision making

competencies.

Skills

Interdisciplinary teamwork Family needs assessments

+ Program coordination Evaluation and assessment

« Planning and coordination + Community referrals
* Crisis services coordination * Training and Development
* Relationships and rapport * Behavioral specialist

Parenting education Client advocacy

Experience

Community Advocate & Prevention Coordinator, 07/2017 to 07/2020

Behavioral Health Marine Corps Community Services — City, STATE

 

* Provided on-site crisis management when activated by the 24/7 Helpline and ensred safety protocols were maintained.

+ Evaluated patient behavior by administering safety assessments to assist in understanding the clients concerns and reported
changes to clinical team.

* Discussed available program services with potential participants and outlined procedures to facilitate smooth engagement in
program processes.

* Conferred with allied agencies to understand and meet diverse needs, providing frequent feedback on front-line operations and
recommending improvement strategies.

+ Recommended improved life choices to enhance client outcomes.

* Answered questions and responded to inquiries to deliver high level of service to clients.

« Ensured trainings and facilitated groups used the most up to date methodologies to ensure retainability of information and to
meet the community's needs.

* Maintained thorough and accurate records outlining program operations and participant progress.

* Built and maintained strong relationships with patients by successfully resolving issues and responding promptly to phone
inquiries

+ Expanded program outreach by providing information about services and conducted 2-3 groups and trainings per week. groups.

Juvenile Truancy Officer-Training Educator, 06/2013 to 06/2017
Sarpy County Sheriff's Office - City, STATE
« Facilitated community workshops and classes to provide support to families in achieving life skills goals and success.
« Fostered rapport with school personnel and students to build trust and cultivate communication.
« Interviewed client, parents, foster parents, school officials and other related parties to fully understand child's individual needs,
* Managed parent support groups addressing topics such as positive discipline and parenting styles.
« Entered client data in centralized database and maintained up-to-date case records for all clients.
+ Worked with community resources to engage youth in pro-social activities and help families access services.
* Provided hands-on training and coaching for junior staff on office policies and regulations.
* Performed site evaluations to ensure juvenile success was supported.
« Supported development and implementation of clear and successful policies, budgets and procedures for smooth and efficient
operations.
* Achieved cost-savings by developing functional solutions to [Type] problems.
« Improved customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems,

« Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions,

Victim Advocate Coordinator, 03/2010 to 06/2013
Army Community Services — City, STATE

* Developed and oversaw procedures and policies for all Victim Advocacy programs and services for the Army Garrison
community.

+ Conducted site checks within the Pacific Fleet purview, ensuring services are being provided to the various communities.

+ Recommended improved life choices to enhance client outcomes.

+ Co-Chaired the Sexual Assault Review Board and communicated directly with command team about sexual harassment/assault,
cases and provided information and updates on victims to the installation commander monthly.

« Interviewed victims and recorded impact statements for records and court proceedings.

* Liaison to deployed Commands, government, and private civilian organizations to ensure safety of victims and coordinated
treatment services are provided.

« Partnered with interdisciplinary teams to implement care plans.

* Disected clients to available military and civilian services, coordinating services between military and civilian agencies and
providing information on local shelters, crisis centers, and community service providers.

* Completed data and statistical analysis to define and forecast trends in crimes and target populations.

* Created awareness of victims’ rights and services by delivering presentations to agencies, schools, and community groups.

+ Supervised team of 300 volunteers, delivering in-depth training and mentoring throughout the Garrison.

+ Supported crisis intervention and advocacy for victims of [Type] crimes,

* Wrote individual safety and crisis plans and assessed ongoing risk assessments to decrease further harm.

* Reviewed and analyzed violent crime reports to identify crime trends.

« Assisted individuals through criminal justice process, providing information and support including financial and emotional
impact debriefing.

* Acted as liaison between victims and law enforcement agencies to assist with filing police reports and explain informed consent.

* Created awareness of victims’ rights and services by delivering presentations to agencies, schools and community groups.

* Advocated for victims during difficult situations by handling various tasks, including filing police reports and [Type]

« Referred family members to outside support options to assist with coping during times of increased stress.

« Explained available housing, domestic violence, employment, education and substance abuse treatment resources to clients.

« Interviewed clients to assess situations, capabilities and problems

« Entered client data in centralized database and maintained up-to-date case records for all clients.

+ Worked with community resources to engage youth in pro-social activities and help families access services.

‘* Met with clients to determine necessary services and make treatment recommendations.

+ Conferred with clients to discuss options and goals for various services,

* Managed parent support groups addressing topics such as positive discipline and parenting styles.

« Facilitated parental workshops and classes to provide support to children in achieving school and academic success

« Assisted victims with filling out and submitting protective orders.

« Built trust and rapport with victims of violent crimes by remaining calm and compassionate in variety of situations.

« Supervised team of [Number] volunteers, delivering in-depth training and mentoring,

Informed victims about legal processes and timelines.

Community Education and Resources Coordinator, 07/2008 to 01/2010
Air Force Community Services - City, STATE
* Designed and delivered new training program and curriculum schedule for internal and external allied agencies along with
program support personnel.
* Devised and monitored departments program budgets to minimize spending and justify fund utilization.
« Authored reports outlining program accomplishments, statistics, and performance data.
« Performed site evaluations, customer surveys and team audits.
* Delivered comprehensive training to departmental employees on software systems, platforms, health and safety regulations,
courier protocols, cost budgeting and database manager operations.
« Evaluated and supervised educators to assess performance and offer support.
« Assessed and granted approval for course content by evaluating compliance with legal and program requirements.
* Coordinated with marketing team to publish accurate program information on website and other marketing materials.
« Enrolled employees in off-site training opportunities by registering staff in training courses.
« Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions,
« Improved customer satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems,
* Collaborated with others to discuss new [Type] opportunities.
« Scheduled staff or speakers and coordinated facilities to plan logistics for program lectures.
« Led recruiting, hiring and training of qualified [Job title] and [Job title}.

Education and Training

Master of Arts: 2011
University of Oklahoma - Norman, OK

Bachelor of Arts: Psychology, 2009
Ashford University - Clinton, OH

Certifications

ii National Advocacy Credentialing Program (Current-2022)

ii Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Certified trainer (2021)

ii Century Anger Management Certified Group Facilitator (2022)

ii National Advocacy Child Prevention (NACP) Certified trainer (2021)
ii Darkness to Light: Stewards of Children certified trainer (2021)
Victim Witness Assistance Program Implementation Trainer (2022)