SUMMARY

CORE COMPETENCIES

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION AND
TRAINING

AFFILIATIONS

VOLUNTEER
ACTIVITIES

SKILLS

Jessica Claire

© Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 2 (555) 432-1000 <4 resumesample@example.com

Skilled special needs elementary and middle school teacher with the ability to work with children of various
intellectual, behavioral and physical challenges

Excellent classroom management .

Experience working special needs students
Differentiated instruction
Interactive teaching/learning

Instructional best practices
Performance assessments
Effectively work with parents
Clear public speaking skills

 

 

Middle School Language Arts

South Carolina Teachers License #186162
+ Elementary Education Grades 2-6
‘+ Generic Special Education (Ages 3-21)
+ Learning Disabilities (K-12)

Extra Curricular Skills
‘+ Assistant soccer coach
‘+ Assistant drama director
‘+ Video production and website development.

5TH GRADE MATH & SCIENCE TEACHER
Beaufort County School District ( Coosa Elementary School) | City, STATE

+ Currently teach thirty fifth grade students math and science in a regular education classroom setting

‘+ Proficient in teaching with Everyday Math curriculum via Smart Board technology and Discovery
Education online for primary science curriculum

+ Utilize Moodie to organize my curriculum content areas for students and parents

+ Team teaching with ability grouped students including those who have learning disabilities, emotionally
handicaps and other health impairments.

‘+ Integrating Ipad apps to support initial and remedial instruction. Provide peer support for technical
issues that arise on a daily basis.

‘+ Serving in a "Leader in Me" Lighthouse school. Leading students in understanding how to live out the
seven habits for highly effective people

7TO & 8TH GRADE ENGLISH TEACHER
International Schools Of China (Tianjin International School) | City, STATE, USA

 

+ Teacher of international students in two sections of the 7th grade English and two sections of sth grade
English classes

+ Reading and Writing workshop approach towards the English curriculum. Integration of grammar in
context alongside of novel studies to improve ESL students as well as native English speakers

+ Update English curriculum monthly, align standards and benchmarks along with creating assessments
on Rubicon Atlas for English classes.

‘+ Initial teacher participant in MacBook 1:1 program becoming a virtually paperless English class using
multiple software platforms in a blended classroom environment.

‘+ Integration of Ipads alongside of Mac Books and coordination of instruction along with appropriate apps

‘+ Organization of classes on Moodle to allow students to access class information and files, ICAL to see
when assignments are due, and PearsonSuccessNet for online textbook usage

‘+ Proficient user of PowerSchool and Gradebook,

‘+ Volunteer for teaching in a related arts position in addition to regular teaching load for 3 years. Lasting
effect is the creation of an 8th grade middle school tech course titled, "Technology Integration Literacy"

+ Producer and director of over 450 episodes of a daily morning news show for three years with middle
school students for as elementary school homeroom audience. https://cb.tiseagles.com

+ 8th grade team leader responsible for leading weekly meetings and discussing the current needs of
middle school students

‘+ Five years of organizing and leading 8th grade students on our annual spring trip throughout southern
China touring Nanjing, Hangzhou and participating in team building and community service projects in
‘Tonglu county. Created the budget, arranged the itinerary and themes for the trip, prepared students
and chaperons, as well as working with travel professionals

‘+ Cooperating teacher for two student teachers from Mount Vernon Nazarene University.

4TO GRADE ELEMENTARY TEACHER
Beaufort County School District (Whale Branch Elementary School) | City, STATE

 

+ 4th Grade Single Gender pilot program (boys)

‘+ Full time teaching position on a fourth grade team. Transfer in response to a district incentive to help
recruit National Board Certified teachers in-house in order to help raise student test scores

+ Planning and implementing instruction to incorporate single gender research. In addition to team
planning, core instruction covering all academic content areas. Everyday Math and the Rigby reading
series primary curriculum programs for reading and math initiatives

+ Effective use of formative and summative assessment of 4th grade students while making gains in a
standards-based curriculum

‘+ Assistance given to fellow teachers by helping integrate technology into their curriculum and help build
professional relationships

 

18
Beaufort County School District ( Broad River Elementary School-PYP) | City, STATE, USA

35TH GRADE ELEMENTARY RESOURCE ROOM TEACHER

‘+ 1st through Sth grade position teaching identified special education students in a "pull out" resource
room setting in coastal South Carolina

‘+ Actively instructing students with learning disabilities and behavior disorders in accordance with
individualized education programs

‘+ Assessment of special education students test scores on state tests improved significantly and led to
passing AYP.

+ Weekly consultation with colleagues on multi-disciplinary grade level teams. Led IEP parent-teacher
conferences, assisting with alternative interventions, accommodations and modifications for students

‘+ Director and producer of a morning news show to enhance the self esteem of the resource students
The news show continues to the day at Broad River Elementary School.

6TO & 7TH GRADE MIDDLE SCHOOL ENGLISH TEACHER & 8TH GRADE INCLUSION 07/1996 to 06/2005

RESOURCE TEACHER
Beaufort County School District (Ladys Island Middle School) | City, STATE

‘+ (1996-97) 8th grade resource room inclusion teacher supporting students and faculty in a variety of
academic areas including language arts and algebra in the regular education setting

‘+ Active with collection of data and measuring academic growth for grade level teaching team.

‘+ Participation in Toshiba's Laptop for Learning pilot project with 7th grade for a two-year period for
continuity while integrating technology with the current curriculum

‘+ (1997-99) 7th grade Language Arts teacher and team leader. Responsible for creating and enforcing
the team discipline policy and improving parent communication. Data collection and response to
intervention are key components of meeting the needs of this student population.

+ Improvements in building community by meeting with parents and arranging student showcases for all
stakeholders. As a content area teacher, daily grades were available online and quarterly progress
reports, as well as conventional report cards.

‘+ Creator of units for arts integration program. Units composition including working with a variety of artists
discovering ways to enhance learning through visual media as well as dance, music, and drama.

‘+ 6th grade Language Arts teacher and team leader, with participation in a school reform initiative called
Environment in Context, using the outside world to bring the inside classroom alive. The EIC Model
focuses on the environment as an integrating context for improving student learning

6TO48TH GRADE RESOURCE ROOM TEACHER
Henderson County Public School District (Flat Rock Middle School) | City, STATE, USA

‘+ Full time position teaching special education students in a resource room middle school setting in the
mountains of North Carolina.

7TO- 8TH GRADE RESOURCE ROOM TEACHER

Springfield School District (E.T. Richardson Middle School) | City, STATE, USA
‘+ Teacher of special education students in a resource room middle school setting.

5TO-8TH GRADE RESOURCE ROOM TEACHER

Interboro School District (Norwood Elementary School) | City, STATE, USA

‘+ Full time position teaching special education students in a resource room middle school setting in the
‘suburbs of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

  

K-OSPECIAL EDUCATION TEACHER

 

Garnet Valley School District (Francis Harvey Green Elementary School) | City, STATE

‘+ Fulltime position teaching students in a self-contained special education classroom upon my December
graduation from college

Master of Science | Counseling
Villanova University, Villanova, PA

 

BeChelor of Science | Education
West Chester University of PA, West Chester, PA

Member of ASCI (Association of Christian Schools International)
Member of AECT (Association for Education Communications and Technology)

+ Service in English summer camps with local Chinese churches
‘+ Director and music leader for several summer English camps in Beijing and Suzhou since 2009.

Classroom Instruction, Classroom Management, Counseling, Creative Lesson Planning, Critical Thinking,
Curriculum Development, Family Involvement, Goal Setting and Implementation, Group Instruction,
Instructing, Instructional Methods, Learning Strategies, Multicultural populations, Parent/Teacher
Conferences, Parental Participation, Problem Solving, Program Development, Public Relations, Research,
Social Perceptiveness, Speaking, Specialized Testing, Special-Needs Students, Student Evaluations,
Teaching, Team Building, Time Management, Writing, Active Learning

07/2016 to CURRENT

11/2009 to 05/2016

07/2008 to 09/2009

07/2005 to 06/2008

07/1994 to 06/1995

08/1990 to 06/1994

08/1989 to 06/1990

1986 to 06/1989