JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 @ (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Having worked as a Physics Teacher for almost 12 years, Iam looking forward to work as a physics curriculum developer and STEM Coach at
School of Science and Technology.

 

SKILLS
+ Excellence in physics experiments and theories « Excellent public relations skills, communication skills, and
« Extensive experience teaching physics to high school students interpersonal skills
+ An outgoing, dynamic, and fun personality and teaching style « Experience as advisor to various student-run clubs

* Well-acquainted with the syllabus and course requirements of high + Experience and strong desire to incorporate a multicultural

schools curriculum
* Excellence in developing a training approach that meets the + Experience and knowledge about teaching effectively to
requirements of high school students accommodate various learning styles
* Well-acquainted with the process of evaluating and grading * Ability to foster a lively, enthusiastic, and positive classroom
students, mentoring and providing feedback to them, etc. learning environment
* Thorough with different audio-visual teaching aids available to _—_* ‘Detail oriented
make sessions more interesting * Ability to organize and prioritize workload effectively
« Proven ability of handling students independently with ease * Flexible and adaptable to change

«Strong quantitative, critical thinking, and analytical skills

* Ability to work independently or in a team environment

 

EXPERIENCE

Science Department Chair, 07/2014 - 05/2017
Garfield School District Re-2 — Rifle, CO
1. Curriculum Development and Supervision
+ Supports and plans for implementation and vertical alignment of the department curriculum
« Ensures effective use of Understanding by Design framework
+ Evaluates and selects a variety of instructional materials, textbooks, and curriculum guides
2. Instruction
* Conducts classroom observations and provides supervision and evaluation of teachers
* Works in conjunction with the Special Education department in planning the instructional program for the special education students.
+ Evaluates the effectiveness, and recommends the use of various teaching methodologies.
3. Profe:

 

* Schedules and organizes departmental meetings in order to effect horizontal and vertical articulation of the instructional program at our
schoo
© Shares with the staff current research in such areas as curriculum development and pedagogical innovations through curriculum bulletins,
guides, handbooks and departmental meetings.
+ Recommends and directs teacher attendance at conferences, workshops and meetings designed for continued professional development
* Coaches individual teachers to assist them accomplishing professional goals.
4. Assessment
+ Trains and assists teachers to use assessment data to effectively drive instruction.
* Coordinates all facets of internal interim assessment program.
* Supports school’s testing coordinator with NYS testing as needed.
* Supervises and coordinates training teachers in using appropriate diagnostic techniques
5.. School Respot

 

+ Manages department resources and places purchase requests as appropriate.

* Meets regularly with the Instructional Leadership Team for the purpose of maintaining ongoing communication regarding a wide spectrum
of school related issues.

* Carries out such special functions, projects or assignments as the Directors may direct

+ Actively participates in the recruitment, screening, hiring, training and assigning of personnel

AP Physics Instructor & Physics Teacher , 07/2011 - 05/2017
Kindercare — Charleston, SC

# Teach physics classes to a diverse array of students of varying ages and abilities

Plan and organize hands-on activities that encourage active student participation, involvement, and team work
Advisor for STEM Club, focus on fostering student leadership

+ Maintain an orderly, peaceful, and positive learning environment, applying disciplinary measures when necessary

 

« Foster and encourage critical thinking and analysis about art and society

Science Teacher, 09/2010 - 04/2011
Harmony School Of Science - Sugar Land — City, STATE
+ Iwas responsible for providing science education services to middle school students in a classroom and laboratory setting.

« Instructs students, maintains student discipline and is responsible for student academic achievement.

Physics Teacher, 07/2005 - 05/2010
Private Maltepe College Preparatory School — City, STATE,
‘* Taught physics classes to students grades 9-12

Created multicultural lesson plans

Incorporated technology into the classroom

Implemented a variety of teaching tools to accommodate all learning styles

Encouraged a multimedia and multi-dimensional curriculum

Fostered a positive and safe leaming atmosphere

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Science: Physics, 2007
100.Yil University - Van

Master of Science: Physics , 2010
Gazi University - Ankara

‘Master of Arts: Education Leadership, 2018
North American University - Houston, TX

ACTIVITIES AND Honors:

* February, 2017- AAPT( American Association of Physics Teachers) : Made a presentation about Quantum Locking and Super Conductor

* January, 2017 - The 10th Annual Texas STEM Conference; Made a presentation about Best STEM Practices in Physics classroom

* May, 2016- Recognize as Finalist of Best STEM Educators in Texas by Educate Texas(The Educate Texas public-private partnership
includes: The Texas Education Agency; Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board; Texas Workforce Commission; Office of the
Govemor; Texas Legislature; Communities Foundation of Texas; Ford Foundation; Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; Greater Texas
Foundation; Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust; Houston Endowment; IBM; The Kresge Foundation; Lumina Foundation:
‘The Meadows Foundation; TG Texas Guaranteed; and Texas Instruments Foundation).

+ February, 2014 - The 7th Annual Texas STEM Conference; Presenter