Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Executive Profile

* Program Administration * Written/Verbal Communication

* Contracts Management * Cost Management/Inventory Control
* Cost/Benefit Reporting * Event Planning and Coordinating

* Microsoft Office Suites * Administrative Support

Goal driven professional offering outstanding presentation, communication and cross-cultural team management skills. High:
energy, results-oriented leader driven to manage costs and establish strategic, mutually beneficial partnerships and relationships

with users, vendors and service providers.

Skill Highlights
* Project management * Customer-oriented
* Leadership/Communication Skills + Market Research and Analysis
« Human Resources * Self-motivated
« Employee Relations * Business operations organization
* Public Relations * Vendor Partnerships
« Staff Training and Development * Workflow Planning
+ Event Management and Promotion « Fast Learner
« Interpersonal Skills + Organizational Skills
+ Customer Relations * Hard-Worker
+ PC Competent * Cost Reductions
Core Accomplishments

Project Management:
«Initiated "Return To Sender” project which resulted in significant decrease in percentage of correspondence letters returned,
while adding to company’s annual savings of $1250 (Vera Cadillac Buick-GMC)
+ Created Receptionist/Operator Handbook for Vera Cadillac-Buick-GMC, the first of its kind (Vera Cadillac Buick-GMC)

Program Administration:
+ Speatheaded quarterly Tender Feet Program through program evaluation and assessment of program's success, increasing
number of participants who do not not have a foot care specialist (Norcross Senior Center)
‘* Initiated Mothers Care2 Mother's Day Lunch and Learn event, which resulted in a positive exchange between single parents, and
increase in networking resources (OAASS&P, Georgia State University)

Staff Development:
« Interviewed and trained Trio Ambassadors for temporary work placement (OAASS&P, Georgia State University)
* Managed Darlington County Americorps Team, providing intensive community service work to meet community needs,
resulting in design and installation of Outdoor Classrooms, and newly updated Enhanced 911(E-911) Emergency System (USDA-
NRCS)

Professional Experience

Economist, 1993 to 02/2001
Realtor.Com — Scottsdale, AZ
* Promoted natural resource conservation practices through federal programs and initiatives, and alliances with local Soil and
Water Conservation Districts.
+ Compiled statistical data for watershed protection projects.
« Surveyed both commercial and residential flood zones, informing program participants of policy updates and conservation

practices.

Conservationist, 1993 to 04/1995
Little Rock, AR
* Determined conservation practices to decrease soil erosion, and increase crop production, through land surveys and federal
programs,
* Worked in partnership with USDA-Rural Development Agency to secure financial assistance for installation of such
conservation methods as terracing systems and grassed waterways to decrease soil erosion.
* Teamed up with Conservation Youth District to educate students about natural resources through contests, sponsorships, and

installation of conservation practices participating schools.

Conservationist, 1995 to 1996
Cambridge, MA
« Joined forces with Darlington County Americorps Team to provide intensive community service work to meet critical needs of
the community.
* Provided updated residential and commercial information to local government for implementation into newly upgraded E-911
Systems.
* Managed building and installation of outdoor classrooms for Marlboro County Schools.

* Endorsed watershed conservation and protection at the local level through town hall meetings and community service.

Agricultural Economist, 1996 to 02/2001
Corning, NY
« Integral member of Watershed Planning Team: calculated costs for installation of floodwater retarding structures using
amortization and interest rates.
* Provided data to community leaders supporting results of installation Floodwater Retarding Structures (Examples: Snake River
‘Watershed; Whitewater Watershed).
« Supported adherence to federal policies in order to administer conservation programs, and manage suggested outcomes
(Examples: Wildlife Habitat Incentive Program; Conservation Reserve Program).
* Utilized annual Watershed Protection and Flood Prevention publication to illustrate results of completed watershed
management projects through financial and technical assistance, and landscape planning and initiatives.

PROGRAM ASSISTANT, 08/2010 to 02/2013
Department Of Agriculture - Quincy, MA
* Provided administrative support to Program Manager: responsible for event planning and coordination, activities management,
inventory control, Center pattern orientation, and program administration.
« Assisted with planning, marketing, and coordination of annual Tri-Center events,
* Utilized consistent correspondence, scheduling, and reporting, to manage various programs and initiatives.
« Researched participants’ history and coordinated transportation schedules using Microsoft Word.
* Maintained professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops and participating in interdepartmental
meetings.

« Assisted Program Manager with creation of monthly activity calendar.

 

* Administered Tender Feet Program, providing quarterly foot care services to "transportationally challenged” participants
* Managed after-hours classes: instructed bi-weekly [ladies only] fitness class; illustrated correct glazing methods and kiln usage
for arts/crafts; and provided technical assistance for after-hours computer users.

« Employed used of AIMS Reporting System to manage and report daily Congregate Meals.

ADMINISTRATIVE COORDINATOR, 01/2008 to 09/2008
Harvard University - Tempe, AZ
* Provided administrative support to the Office of African American Student Services and Programs (OAASS&P): secured
reservations for internal meetings rooms, including set-up, clean up, and catering; utilized BANNER Student Information
System and Microsoft Office Suites to update student organization data, and chart student usage of OAASS&P services and
programs,
« Interviewed and trained Trio Ambassadors for temporary work placement.
* Collaborated with local United Way Literacy Program Manager to promote “Mothers Care2" Initiative,
* Worked with limited budget to market and supervise "Eat And Think” Program each semester.
« Assisted in planning and coordination of OAASSAGP events, ceremonies and banquets, and gallery openings.

CUSTOMER SERVICE, 12/2003 to 10/2007
Api Group Corporation — Aiken, SC
* Provided customer service and administrative support to customers and partners.
* Operated electronic tracking systems to manage daily shipping schedules, reducing unrecovered costumes by 30%.
+ Supervised Warehouse Coordinator, and provided assistance to maintain shipping inventory.
* Maintained positive working relationships with vendors, franchisees, and local transportation companies; collaborated with
franchises in preparation for annual events and training.
‘* Used Costume Management Program (CMP) software to manage event calendars and shipping schedules.
* Updated contracts, maintained NAFTA international shipping documents, and reported insurance claims for lost or damaged
products.
* Maintained communication with Production and Repair Departments to coordinate completion and shipping dates, and meeting

contract deadlines.

Receptionist, 01/2014 to Current
C&S Wholesale Grocers — Red Oak, TX

* Responsible for providing quality customer service, administrative support, and inventory control to multiple departments,
Employed the use of Microsoft Office software package to create Vera Cadillac-Buick-GMC Receptionist/Operator Handbook.

Maintain professional knowledge through interdepartmental correspondence.

Provide assistance to process lease returns and dealer trades.

Utilize ADP/CRM software package to maintain records, process correspondence, and research vehicle histories.

Maintain standard and electronic filing systems, greet and assist customers, answer phones, and organize customer areas.

Process vehicle inventory, and contribute to team effort by supporting others when requested.

RECEPTIONIST, 03/2013 to 02/2014
Outsource Consulting Services, Inc— City, STATE
* Provided quality customer service and administrative support to staff and clients of rehabilitation center.

Utilized Microsoft Office and proprietary software for data entry procedures, client intake, and assessment results.

Answered 95% of incoming calls, fielding them to various departments.

Prepared faxes, made travel arrangements, and scheduled meetings
* Disseminated facility and program information to potential clients and families.

ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT, 07/2010 to 08/2010
Outsource Consulting Services, Inc— City, STATE
« Through Georgia Workforce Program, worked as part of museum's administrative team to compile directory of African
American businesses and entertainment venues throughout Metro Atlanta.
* Responsible for answering phones, voicemail monitoring and message distribution, preparing faxes, and maintaining files.
* Edited directory and advised staff of major changes.
* Used Microsoft Office Suites to edit directory and update addresses, business names, and phone numbers.

DISTRICT ASSISTANT, 09/2009 to 01/2010
Select Medical Corporation - City, STATE
* Provided administrative support to District Manager and Independent Sales Associates of Trendsetters District.
* Maintained consistent office presence and supported office administration, including but not limited to, intake, receiving
marketing collateral inventory, processing fax distributions, and data entry.
* Primary contact for corporate office and Avon representatives.
* Scheduled meetings and workshops, and provided product updates to District Manager and Sales Associates.

Education

Bachelor of Science: Agricultural Economics, 1993
Fort Valley State University - Fort Valley, GA

Skills

Administrative Support, ADP, AIMS, Answer Phones, Contract Management, Critical Thinking, CRM, Customer Service, Data Entry,
Edit, Event Planning and Coordination, Faxes, Filing, Insurance Claims, Inventory Control, Local Government, Marketing, Marketing
Collateral, Meetings, Microsoft Office Suites, Natural Resources Conservation Practices, Office Administration, Policies and
Procedures, Public Speaking, Quality Control, Shipping/Receiving, Receptionist, Maintain Records, Reporting, Research, Sales,
Scheduling, Surveys, Technical Assistance, Travel Arrangements, Workshops