JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Creative Graphic Artist and Designer with talent for developing unique custom artwork. Innovative approach to idea and concept
development. Offering 2 years of expertise overseeing individual projects and brand development. Experienced product tester with over 3
vyears of experience in product testing. Excellent reputation for resolving problems and improving customer satisfaction

Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added
responsibilities to meet team goals.

Enthusiastic Product Tester eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear
understanding of brands and cannabis, methods of consuming cannabis, as well as educated on terpenes. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in
the Cannabis Industry.

Reliable employee secking product testing position. Offering excellent communication and good judgment.

To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and
problem-solving skills

Enthusiastic product tester eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear
understanding cannabis and training in product testing. Motivated to lear, grow and excel in Cannabis.

Team-oriented Tester with expertise in Cannabis. Dedicated analysis and well-developed skills in method of consumption and strains. Sharp
and passionate with urgency to complete projects on time.

Reliable Tester with 3 years of experience and excellent troubleshooting, reporting and hands-on skills. Expert at testing products using
specialized tools and instruments. Fully compliant with safety rules and processes.

Competent product testing professional experienced with performing daily inspections, obtaining measurements and conducting tests on
diverse materials. Dedicated, dependable and focused on making positive impact with careful work. Highly organized with sound judgment,
analytical problem-solving skills and decisive nature.

Industrious Quality Control Inspector knowledgeable about cannabis, terpenes and methods of use analysis. Offering expertise in product
construction, properties of materials and safety procedures

 

Sxmts
« Branding strategies * Tech-savvy
© Superb eye for detail * Logo design
© Originality + Fashion design
* Vendor relationships * Problem-Solving
Worx History

 

01/2020 to Current Freelance Designer
Situation Interactive — New York, NY
Icreate custom T shirts and Tie Dye.
+ Edit or add your own
‘* Enhanced production of Product or Service to exceed goals.
+ Frequently inspected production area to verify proper equipment operation.
* Developed Number effective improvement plans in Year.
‘© Managed costs and quality of Business Name.
Observed packing operations to verify conformance to specifications.
Gathered and bought materials needed to successfully complete projects.

Created over Number visual concepts either by hand or with assistance of computer programs in Year.
‘Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach.

Planned project concepts by researching and studying information

Identified design requirements for each project.

Successfully maintain clean, valid driver's license and access to reliable transportation.

Created plans and communicated deadlines to ensure projects were completed on time.

Eliminated downtime and maximized revenue by providing top project quality control.

+ Used Software to create images and layouts

‘© Completed final touches for projects such as images sizes and font selection.

06/2019 to Current Product Tester
Consumer Reports — Yonkers, NY

+ Tested products or subassemblies for functionality or quality.

* Checked color, shape, texture and grade of products and materials against established templates, charts and
samples.

« Tested and assembled more than $mount in product per month.

‘* Evaluated items to assign grades and marked quality level, rejection status or acceptance

Examined Products for defects or issues, reported problems quickly and maintained high levels of accuracy.

* Generated and submitted detailed reports to regulatory agencies and company leadership to help drive
enhancements

* Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.

‘* Used hand tools, instruments, gauges and equipment to complete accurate measurements and noted results for
official records.

‘* Demonstrated respect, friendliness and willingness to help wherever needed.

* Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity.

‘ Created plans and communicated deadlines to ensure projects were completed on time.

+ Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements

‘* Located and investigated production concems and helped management implement corrective actions

+ Conducted tests and diagnostic procedures using tools such as analyzers, multimeters and power supplies.

03/2006 to 12/2013 Manager
New York Life — AZ, State

‘© Expanded cross-functional organizational capacity by collaborating across departments on priorities, functions and
common goals.

+ Propelled continuous improvements and strategically capitalized on current market trends.

‘* Established and updated work schedules to account for changing staff levels and expected workloads.

+ Adjusted job assignments and schedules to keep pace with dynamic business needs, factoring in processes,
employee knowledge and customer demands.

* Recorded inventory sales into organization's weekly income report.

Achieved or exceeded financial goals on regular basis by controlling expenses, optimizing schedules and regulating
inventory usage.

‘* Maximized performance by monitoring daily activities and mentoring team members.

+ Edit or add your own

‘* Accomplished multiple tasks within established timeframes.

‘© Developed and maintained relationships with customers and suppliers through account development.

‘* Improved operational planning and business frameworks to enhance resource utilization and reduce waste.

‘* Evaluated employees’ strengths and assigned tasks based upon experience and training

+ Executed regular process updates to reduce discrepancies and enhance scheduling across production calendars and
programs

‘* Raised performance in areas of sales, management and operations by identifying and targeting areas in need of
improvement.

‘= Applied customer feedback to develop process improvements and support long-term business needs

‘* Directed staff and managed annual capital budget.

+ Delivered feedback to decision-makers regarding employee performance and training needs.

+ Assessed supplier quality to maintain tight cost controls and maximize business operational performance.

* Cross-trained existing employees to maximize team agility and performance.

* Conducted monthly inventories of raw materials and components on work floor.

07/1995 to 03/2006 Manager
New York Life — Bala Cynwyd, PA

‘© Expanded cross-functional organizational capacity by collaborating across departments on priorities, functions and
common goals.

+ Controlled costs and optimized spending via restructuring of budgets for labor, capital assets, inventory purchasing
and technology upgrades.

‘+ Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and forecast
needs.

+ Propelled continuous improvements and strategically capitalized on current market trends.

‘* Established and updated work schedules to account for changing staff levels and expected workloads.

+ Adjusted job assignments and schedules to keep pace with dynamic business needs, factoring in processes,
employee knowledge and customer demands.

+ Edit or add your own

* Achieved or exceeded financial goals on regular basis by controlling expenses, optimizing schedules and regulating
inventory usage.

‘* Evaluated report data to proactively adjust and enhance operations.

‘* Maximized performance by monitoring daily activities and mentoring team members.

‘+ Onboarded new employees with training and new hire documentation.

‘* Accomplished multiple tasks within established timeframes.

‘© Developed and maintained relationships with customers and suppliers through account development.

‘* Improved operational planning and business frameworks to enhance resource utilization and reduce waste.

‘* Evaluated employees’ strengths and assigned tasks based upon experience and training

‘* Monitored and supported progress of plant production orders by managing shop capacity and loading functions at
several facilities.

+ Executed regular process updates to reduce discrepancies and enhance scheduling across production calendars and
programs

‘* Raised performance in areas of sales, management and operations by identifying and targeting areas in need of
improvement.

‘= Applied customer feedback to develop process improvements and support long-term business needs

‘* Directed staff and managed annual capital budget.

+ Delivered feedback to decision-makers regarding employee performance and training needs.

+ Assessed supplier quality to maintain tight cost controls and maximize business operational performance.

* Cross-trained existing employees to maximize team agility and performance.

‘= Reviewed performance data to monitor and measure productivity, goal progress and activity levels.

Epucation

 

05/1996 GED: General Studies
Morrilton Sr. High School - Morrilton, AR

General Studies
UACCM - Mortilton, AR

ApprTIonaL INFORMATION

 

Tam an Arkansas Medical Marijuana patient with 3+ years of experience in Product Testing for various companies. I am a detail oriented
individual who takes much pride in completing assignments throughly and on time. love learning about everything Cannabis and feel that I
would be a great addition to your team of Cannabis product testers