JESSICA CLAIRE

 

 

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor @ (555) 432-1000 ¢ resumesample@example.com

 

SUMMARY

Moltitalented Executive Assistant with over 10 years in top-tier organizational support and newly acquired detailed knowledge of organizational
human resource policies, services and practices. Skilled at close work with senior executive team. Robust history offering office management,
support staff management, training, supervision and event planning. Excellent research, project support and organizational abilities. Results

driven and hardworking. Dedicated to maintaining open lines of communication and having fun while making big things happen!

 

SKILLS
« HRIS & Services «* Strong problem solver
« Payroll and benefits administration * Technologically savy
« Employee Relations * Time management

Microsoft Office Suite

Work ethic
Friendly, positive attitude

Confidential document control

 

EXPERIENCE

‘Human Resources Generalist, 04/XXX9 - Current
American Axle & Manufacturing — Bluffton, IN
‘Human Resources Generalist
Next Press LLC, Mahwah, NJ
+ Facilitated delivery of HR services by establishing and maintaining positive relationships with teams and leadership across the
organization.
Responsible for:
+ Benefits Administration including Open Enrollments, 401(k) administration, FMLA, and Workers Comp Claims & Benefit processing
* Payroll: Review, process and monitor biweekly payroll including deductions, reimbursements, garnishments, merrit increases,
commissions, benefits, etc.
« Attendance: Manage and record attendance records by monitoring policies for Paid Time Off (Bereavement, Sick, Vacation).
« Full lifecycle Recruiting & Staffing: Identify staff vacancies, discuss needs with managers, develop Job descriptions, Recruit, Screen
candidates, arrange interviews, process background checks and employment verifications and participate in hiring decisions
* Contracts with outside suppliers to provide services such as temporary employees
* Onboarding: Organize orientation programs and process employment documents.
* Performance Management and employee development: Tracks, Initiates, and participates in performance reviews to ensure effectiveness,
compliance, engagement and equity within the organization
* Create and modified Job Descriptions within all departments.
* Update Handbook as necessary consulting legal counsel to ensure that policies comply with federal and state law
* Confidential Record maintenance including employee files, personnel documents, leave notifications, benefits information and more.
Training: Work with management to analyze training needs and employee development as well as health and safety programs.
+ Employee Engagement & Morale: Special events, employee appreciation, etc.

* Conduct exit interviews and process separations

Office Support, 12/XXX3 - 05/XXX6
Caris Healthcare — Greenville, SC
* (10-15 hours per week /Limited, Provide administrative support to the office manager and prosthetist twice a week by completing the

following:

Creating patient charts/ Keeping charts up to date.

Identifying and verifying patients insurance coverage and eligibility.

+ Communicating patient changes to the prosthetist and contacting ordering physicians for additional paperwork

Reaching out to patients to verify appointments and schedule deliveries/pickup.

Executive Administrative Assistant, 02/2007 - 05/XXX0
Cintas Corporation — Syracuse, NY
Provided administrative support to the multiple VP's including the VP of National Sales the VP of Marketing, the National Distribution
‘Manager and 11 Area & Community Managers (ACMs):
* Monitor Calendars, approve timesheets and schedule appointments.
* Weekly conference calls (create agenda, take minutes, and monitor task completion).
* Coordination of travel (air, hotel, vehicles, etc) via concur,
* Collect and compile market data from regional dealerships and create sales trend reports as requested using PowerPoint, Excel, or Word,
* Order essential Motorcycle Apparel for ACMs in accordance with BMW Policy
«* Process monthly expense reports in accordance with BMW Policy (review and approvelreject).
* Coordinate Annual ACM Team Effectiveness Laboratory meeting, secure venue and invite key participants
* Document team and individual goals, dilemmas and sales incentive plans for the year and distribute upon return,
© Monitor goals and revise as necessary.
« SAP/ IFT Support (Vendor Setup, Requisitions, Goods Movements, etc)
+ Ensured all vendors were paid in a timely manner that was consistent and compliant with BMW procedures
* Update existing vendor files to adhere to new BMW policies.
Sales Planning & Distribution Support:
* Provide administrative support by compiling data and organizing the vehicles that were to be redeployed to dealerships.

Regularly communicate scheduled deployment with Vehicle Administration as necessary.

«# Prepare cost analysis for motorcycle auctions

Upload auction information to online system and provide conclusion auction reports.

Support/Implementitrack Sales Support Programs and communicate with Accounting, Customer Service and/or the customer as needed.

Process Vendor/Sales Allowance Check Requests and communicate with Accounting andlor the Vendor when necessary.

* Document/track all Sales Allowance/Incentive program expenditures monthly using an Excel Workbook.
Provided administrative support to the National Marketing Manager through effective time management and expeditious execution of the
following:

* Trave coordination as necessary.

«* Process monthly expense reports in accordance with BMW Policy (review and approvelreject).

« SAP/ IFT Support (Vendor Setup, Requisitions, Goods Movements, etc)

+ Ensured all vendors were paid in a timely manner that was consistent with BMW procedures.

* Update existing vendor files to adhere to new BMW policies.

* Control distribution of Product Familiarization Motorcycles to field / office staff as required.

# Weekly conference calls (Create Agenda, take Minutes, and monitor task completion) Prepared and updated office records, spreadsheets
and presentations to support executive needs and enhance office productivity

Administrative Coordinator + HR Support, 09/2000 - 12/2006
‘Triangle Manufacturing Company — City, STATE
‘Human Resource Functions included:
* Processed Workers Compensation Claims
« Processed monthly insurance premiums and ensured accuracy.
« Prepared, maintained and updated all paperwork and records related to processing new hires and terminated associates.
+ Maintained all employee information with an online HRIS in addition to paper files
« Responsible for recruiting activities such as advertising, job posting, tracking applicants, arranging interviews and pre-tests as well as
preliminary screening.
* Office Management Functions
* Reported directly to the senior director and president.
+ Organized and maintained company library and archived files, produced and maintained customer confidentiality agreements and assisted
with building lease renewals.
* Managed all office equipment, including troubleshooting and providing the appropriate training on such equipment.
* Requisitioned and maintained inventory of all office supplies, corporate stationery and forms

* Coordinated all company travel.

 

Aided in the design of company marketing tools such as CD ROMs, websites, banners, trade show exhibits and Power-Point presentations.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor of Arts: 01/2004
‘Montel

 

State University - Montclair, NJ

CERTIFICATIONS

+ SHRM Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) (Target Date: December 2021)