JESSICA CLAIRE

100 Montgomery St. 10th Floor
(555) 432-1000 - resumesample@example.com

PROFEssIONAL SUMMARY

 

Introduction Art Teacher who provides a positive, accepting, and creative environment for students to grow as individuals, as well as
independent artists. Delivers an exceptional level of support to each student by being someone who listens to their ideas and dreams, which
allows students to have creative range of their own artwork while giving guidance. Produces a strong foundation with coworkers. In the field
of education, it is crucial to be a positive teammate. This action develops a successful work environment for teachers, as well as students
Collaborative Visual Art Teacher with proven skills in teaching others to develop artistic talents. Natural mentor and motivator bringing
patience and knowledge useful to all level students. Dedicated to continuous professional development and comprehensive student support.
Creative Ast Teacher possessing in-depth knowledge of various art theories and principles. Engaging and energetic professional certified in
‘Art Education and licensed in Texas. Polished in integrating art history, art appreciation and art criticism into all lesson plans and
collaborating with classroom teachers to incorporate learning through art. Committed to designing lessons to accommodate broad range of
learning styles and encouraging students to reach fullest potential

Currently in the process of obtaining Colorado license

Semis

 

* Art education and Art History instruction Computer and Canvas proficiency
AP 2D Drawing & Design instruction and AP Standard Drawing Teacher collaboration

and Portfolio ‘Visual arts teaching

3D and 2D mediums Fine arts proficiency

Digital art knowledge

Portfolio creation expert

‘Worx History

 

06/2019 to Current Visual Arts Teacher
The Archer School For Girls — Los Angeles, CA

‘© Lectured and taught students AP Art History to prepare for College Board AP Art History Exam.

‘* Taught AP 2D Drawing & Design and AP 2D Standard Drawing to students for preparation of submitting
portfolios to College Board program.

‘= Researched best practices for arts integration and visual arts trends and applied new techniques to lesson plan
material

‘Instructed students on visual arts techniques and assigned related art projects for students in 9-12 grade levels.

‘Inspired students and assisted in developing creativity and self-expression through various art forms and media.

‘© Taught students to identify key elements of style, intent and emotion when experiencing art.

‘* Created engaging lesson plans, fostered culture of discovery and provided well-organized classroom structure to
help students succeed in program.

‘* Lectured students on art history and current issues and events,

Provided visual arts equipment and tools to facilitate creation of drawings, paintings, sculptures, printmaking, art
history and other projects for Art 1 students.

+ Tracked student behaviors and gave parents feedback to provide comprehensive support for student growth and
development.

‘+ Adapted curricula to meet current standards and promote skills in all students. Applying technology to at home and
in classroom for hybrid learning environment.

06/2014 to 06/2019 Visual Arts Teacher
The Archer School For Girls — Los Angeles, CA

‘© Taught grades 11-12 AP 2D Drawing & Design and AP 2D Standard Drawing to students for preparation of
submitting 2D portfolio to the College Board program.

‘© Taught grades 9-12 Advanced Drawing

‘Instructed students on visual arts techniques and assigned related art projects for students in 9-12 grade levels.

‘* Researched best practices for arts integration and visual arts trends along with applying new techniques to lesson
plan material

‘Inspired students and assisted in developing creativity and self-expression through various art forms and media.

‘* Created engaging lesson plans, fostered culture of discovery and provided well-organized classroom structure to
help students succeed in program.

‘* Tracked student behaviors and gave parents feedback to provide comprehensive support for student growth and
development.

Photographer
Kimball Midwest — Columbus, OH

« Adjusted, modified and networked photos using digital and computer manipulative applications.

« Experimented with different lighting effects to deliver unique images utilized on websites, prints and promotional items.
Determined and adjusted subject position, props and lighting equipment while selecting camera angles to optimize final product.
Shot photographs in controlled lab, field and remote environments
Applied digital styling techniques to enhance photos.

Fabricated camera mounts and cases to capture images and protect equipment.

06/2013 to 07/2017 Art Teacher
Fredericksburg Independent School District — Fredericksburg, TX
Taught Art Around the World and The Culture of Pop Act to primary and intermediate level students in a summer
institute programe. Students applied and were reviewed for excellence and creative thinking. The program focused on
out of the box thinking that incorporated science and visual arts.
«= Inspired students and assisted in developing creativity and self-expression through various art forms and media.
‘* Taught students to identify key elements of style, intent and emotion when experiencing art.
‘* Prompted student motivation and peer participation through implementation of positive reinforcement and rewards.
‘* Developed appropriate curricula dependent on age group and education level.
‘* Helped students manipulate variety of media to express emotions, feelings, attitude and intent.
Created dynamic group projects to teach collaboration and teamwork
‘© Taught historical timelines and differences through music and art.
+ Provided feedback to students and parents on progress and abilities.

12/2013 to 05/2014 Substitute Teacher, K-12
Katy Independent School District — City, STATE
«* Full time sub in Elementary Art teaching at Schaffer Elementary School
‘© Upheld classroom routines to support student environments and maintain consistent schedules.
+ Followed classroom plans left by class teacher to continue student education and reinforce core concepts.
‘© Maintained day-to-day classroom management and discipline to promote learning initiatives
‘+ Administered standardized assessments with strict requirements and documented information in permanent records
‘© Supervised lunchroom and recess activities.
‘Studied changing regional curriculums to maintain knowledge of lesson plans for short- and long-term substitute
positions,

Epucation

 

2013 BFA: Art Education
Stephen F. Austin State University - Nacogdoches, TX
© Dean's List 2013
‘* Member of Young Life
‘* Minored in Sculpting
‘+ Professional development completed in Nacogdoches Secondary School system.
‘+ Majored in Education with emphasis in Visual Arts

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 

* DECATs Art Educator summer organization

« Taught Modern Art Madness and Art Around the World to elementary level students 2014-2017 Full time Substitute Teacher at Shafer
Elementary.

« After graduating college, until employment at Katy High School 2013 Art Teacher at Katy High School -Art 1 and Drawing 1 -AP Studio
2D Design Portfolio and AP Studio Art Drawing.

+ Award winning art student including Scholastics- Gold and Silver Key, HLSR placed top 20 in auction, and VASE-State medaled.

‘* National Art Honors Society Sponsor- Independently improved the organization (After school program).

* Campus Teacher of the Week total three 2016-2017.

«After school hours Studio development for students.

+ Art 1 structure of Elements & Principles of Design.

« Drawing 1 further development of each student's independent artistic skill.

« AP Studio 2D Design Portfolio & Studio Art Design emphasizes experimentation, research, critical thinking and art making.

« Art Teacher at Seven Lakes High School 2019-current -AP Standard Drawing and AP 2D Design Portfolio 2019-current - AP Art History
2019-current -Art 1 2019-current.

« Award winning art students in Scholastics Art and Writing- Silver Key.

+ Award winning art students in Visual Arts Scholastic Event.

« National Art Honors Society Sponsor- After school program.

‘© Sapphire teacher of the week 2019 and 2020.

«After school hours Studio development for students.

+ Art 1 structure of Elements & Principles of Design.

« AP 2D Design Portfolio and AP Stand Drawing further development of each student's independent artistic skills towards their AP
College Board Portfolios.

« AP Studio 2D Design Portfolio & Studio Art Design emphasizes experimentation, research, critical thinking and art making.

© 2014-2019 2014-2018 2018-2019.

(CERTIFICATIONS

 

AP Standard Drawing Certified AP 2D Design Portfolio 2D Katy Rodeo Judge 3D Katy Rodeo Judge VASE Certified Juror (Visual Arts
Scholastic Event) Certified in Art ED-12 Kiln Training Staff Development: E-Colors Training and Team Awareness AP Art History Certified