Jessica CLAIRE

 

 

Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94105 © (555) 432-1000 # resumesample@example.com

Summary

Resourceful Information Technology specialist with 5 years of experience expertly delivering crucial troubleshooting and technical

issue resolution for improved organizational efficiency. Positive, end-user focus on documenting and fielding troublesome hardware

and software service requests. Active support for tailored IT deployment and management needs. Seasoned professional at scanning

for necessary organizational and regulatory compliance, security flaws and upgrade challenges.

Skills

* POS systems operations * Technical Troubleshooting

* Stock management * Windows XP/Vista

* Customer relations * LAN/WAN

* Merchandising « Hardware diagnostics

* Records management * Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS)

« Strategic Planning * MS Office proficiency

© Workforce Management « Hardware and Peripherals

* Records maintenance * Customer support needs assessment

* Leadership development * Microsoft Office Specialist (MOS) Master
Experience

Information Technology Specialist, 11/2018 to 05/2020
Us Government Other Agencies And Independent Organizations - Ogden, UT

Tested and troubleshot application and documented issue resolutions for development team.
Coordinated installation of software systems and collaborated with user experience team on design and implementation of new
features.

Identified areas of applications for regression testing following software updates, system changes or functionality changes to
avoid unnecessary downtime and recoding.

Leveraged Agile methodologies to move development lifecycle rapidly through initial prototyping to enterprise-quality testing
and final implementation.

Coordinated with project managers across multiple initiatives to align development timelines, plan testing and work with client
representatives.

Investigated technical issues using knowledge base and personal experience to complete timely resolutions.

Diligently followed up with customers about existing orders, informing on status and responding to questions.

Researched, documented and escalated support cases to higher levels of support when unable to resolve issues using available
resources,

Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, vendors, dealers and consumers.

Managed user profiles, security access and shared file structures.

Performed continuous assessments of network structure, business content filters and security firewalls.

Provided on-site technical support after project implementation and recommended product changes and upgrades to product,
managers,

Troubleshot daily IT desktop client issues, supporting multiple departments and various offices.

Kept customers informed about issue resolution progress and provided updated estimated times of resolution on ongoing basis.
Devised automation, backup and recovery protocols to preserve and safeguard data.

Consistently responded to customer service emails within standard window for optimal response.

Drafted whitepapers, user manuals, implementation documentation and support base entries to reduce customer tickets and
customer service expenses and enable support team to solve customer queries effectively.

Audited security program and installed IP cameras across multiple platforms as part of larger building and tenant safety
program.

Delivered local and remote Tier 1 IT support for hardware and software to company personnel.

Developed organizational filing systems for confidential customer records and reports.

Created new accounts, reset passwords and configured access to servers and file management software for users.

Assistant Store Manager, 06/2020 to Current
Qurate Retail Group — Hickory, NC

Collaborated with staff to maximize customer satisfaction, streamline procedures and improve bottomline profitability.
Assisted in overall day-to-day operations of store, including continuous development of effective store associates to achieve
desired sales and results.

Set schedules and delegated assignments based on team strengths to optimize floor coverage and service levels.

Recruited and hired individuals demonstrating passion, dedication and added value to team.

Leveraged IMS software to coordinate and enhance inventory delivery.

‘Completed frequent walk-throughs and directed team members to correct issues impacting store appearance or professionalism.
Conducted analysis to address productivity and employee needs, resulting in improved employee morale.

Fielded customer complaints, resolved disputes and answered questions to promote store engagement and effectiveness.
Assessed, optimized and elevated operations to target current and expected demands.

Provided mentorship for employees to generate sales, promote effective upselling and cross-sell to improve retail productivity.
Collaborated with visual merchandising team to develop strategies to drive profitability.

Interviewed and vetted job applicants to make effective hiring decisions and fill vacancies with strong team members.

Handled scheduling for two store shifts across 7-day work weeks to promote proper and adequate staffing.

Encouraged professional growth and talent development in associates to increase performance in all areas.

Monitored supplier operations to verify quality, delivery schedule and conformance to contract specifications.

Collaborated with department heads to identify opportunity, develop timely solutions and create action plans.

Promoted and supported strong relationships with local community organizations in surrounding area.

Closely monitored customer behavior and purchasing preferences, offering constructive guidance to bolster services.

Shift Manager, 12/2019 to 06/2020
Choicelunch — North Hollywood, CA

Updated procedures necessary for compounding, mixing, packaging and labeling medications.
Assessed safety procedures and federal regulations to maintain pharmacy compliance.

Trained pharmacy interns and newly hired technicians.

Analyzed prescribing trends to monitor patient compliance and prevent excessive usage.

Advised patients on potential drug interactions and side effects, proper dose timing and medication storage.

Discussed over-the-counter medication and equipment options to help patients deal with individual symptoms.

Supervised team of pharmacy technicians, interns and support staff.

Monitored various logistic processes, including shipments, inventory and purchasing to alleviate discrepancies in workflows.
Orchestrated rollout of policies and procedures, effectively contributing to management team.

Scheduled and coordinated team members so that all shifts were adequately staffed and to meet daily retail targets.

Compiled information on damaged inventory and reported it to appropriate senior leaders for quick remediation.

Reviewed schedules to keep all stores under leadership properly staffed.

Set sales targets and implemented action plans for achieving set objectives.

‘Taught employees how to optimize space for special events such as discount sales.

Managed daily production and verified proper packaging and correct, timely deliveries.

Enhanced operations and boosted efficiency through employee training, coaching and creating work schedules and assignments,
Increased customer base and market share by promoting product through diverse channels.

Managed schedules, accepted time off requests and found coverage for shifts.

Generated reports to assess performance and make adjustments.

Data Entry Specialist, 05/2019 to 12/2019
Nutraceutical International Corporation — Kansas City, KS

Maintained records by creating monthly reports, closing terminated records and performing chart audits.
Updated departmental standard operating procedures and database to accurately reflect current practices,

Input client information into spreadsheets and company database to provide leaders with quick access to essential client data.
Organized billing and invoice data, prepared accounts receivable and generated revenue reports to provide controllers with vital
financial information.

Maintained quality levels above prescribed minimums to support team productivity and efficiency.

Identified and corrected data entry errors to prevent duplication across systems.

‘Compiled data from source documents prior to data entry.

Reviewed and updated account information in company computer system.

‘Communicated with coworkers regarding deadlines and project milestones.

Identified system and account issues to quickly and accurately resolve,

Verified and logged deadlines in response to daily inquiries and requests,

Identified errors in data entry and related issues by mentioning to supervisors for resolution.

Processed confidential tax form information with care and precision.

Reviewed database entries to verify regulatory compliance.

Transcribed data after verifying information to deliver projects with 100% accuracy.

Documented data entry completions in corresponding logbooks.

Updated departmental standard operating procedures and database to accurately reflect current practices,

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science: Computer And Information Sciences, 05/2018
The Fedral University Of Ibadan - Ibadan , Oyo

High School Diploma: 09/2014
Greenlands Academy - Abeokuta , Ogun State