Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email iniamqvekresune.com
Website : yvay.cyikresume, com
Linkedin: linkedin,corn/quikresurne
‘Address: 1737 Marstwille Road, Alabarna

Sr. Database Analyst

SUMMARY

DDetall oriented IT Professional with over 15 years experience as an IT Database/QA Analyst
Specialist. skiled at operating in a wide range of platforms, excellent written and verbal
‘communication skills and an expert in explaining complex software issues in easy-to-comprehend
terns,

SKILLS

SOL, Excel, Medical Terminology, MySQL, Microsoft Word, Data Entry / 51 Plus Wprn, Microsoft
Office Access 2007, PowerPoint Presentations 2007, SOL Statements, Query Bullding, Ard
Microsoft SOL Server Management 2008,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr, Database Analyst
Google - October 2011 ~ August 2015,
Implement daly, weekly, and monthly reports online by reviewing and approving new product
tables therapeutic class while assisting in making therapeutic class decisions when necessary
Asians products names via Medispan through system generated ids which the specialist,
creates and are then called brand niames for In-house client database tables
Consist of system generated ids for strengths, forms, manufacturers, ard corporations which
analyst Creates as well as USC codes for new NDCS which are not yet placed into database
tables.
Analyze data with the ability to identify al! data discrepancies with the authority to make the
necessary changes.
€reate multiple operational reporting tools such as PL/SQL query statements to extract data
to create an excel spreadsheet:
Research the intemet (googie, dally med. price Rx, and facts and comparisons answers etc.)
to maintain data intearity,
Match new forms and routes, olso package combination to forrn nurnbers

Reference Data QA Analyst

Sai Health, Lie January 2000 - October 2011
Supported efforts by analyzing the pharmaceutical product, payer, and provider dota using
Microsoft Access, Ofade, toad, PLSGL, and SOL for external Clients ikGenentechch and
GlaxosmnithKiine
Provided and maintained data Integrity of product databases against dally, weekly, and
month updates.
Inkerfaced with extemal clients and provided lucid interpretations ofthe large amounts of
data,
“Tained mariagerial and co-workers staff on these departmental policies
Achieved a substantial increase in the speed and efficiency of database development and
Improved product consistency by creating software tools to generate io modules, tables, ond
views.
Manage data quality and data intearity standards for dally vendor data transfer.
‘Automating data processes and improving workflow integration with existing systems,

EDUCATION

(© This Fete Resting Template the copilgh of Qwikeaume ccm: Uaage Gilding