AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Sales prospecting
elaonchip uiling
ual merchandzing
Handing objections
Generating quotes

Competitor anaiysis.

PROFESSIONAL
French speaker

Fire der

PERSONAL SKILLS

Passionate

Forward thinking
Focused

Hard working

contact

Maine Cary
Dayo Lat

The Big Pez
Birmingham

BIS

T0121 638 0025
ke 0121 6380026
E inogagyob com

Driving license: Yas
‘atonal: Brith

Maxine Curry
Sales Professional

PERSONAL SUMMARY

A positive, engazing and acon oriented Sales Profesional who views every customer
35a potential sale Maxine possesses a competitive spirit andi able to bing vigor,
energy and excitement tall ares of customer interaction. She is comfortable with
being the outside face ofa company’s marketing erm. Aca fearless sles hunter who
{is money motivated she possesses the dtarminaton to achiev results no mater what
‘he obtcls, hei someone who wil be sure o have an immeciate impact on your
‘oom line Right now, sh is looking for asuable positon with thriving company
‘where here is strong potential fr farereaming and advancement

WORK EXPERIENCE

‘Company name Loceion
SALES PROFESSIONAL fun 2013 Present

‘Responsbl for meeting te expectations of her employer andthe requcements of her
customers by giving cins what they want tthe price they are willing to pay

Date:

+ Making sales presentations to customers a fis, hows, businesses and residences
+ Handing ll relevant adminisuative aspects of sale, sch sling inorder forms
+ Assisting clini ining the prodacis and services that are right fr them.

+ Quickly responding any customer request for infomation and pics

+ Following wp on ll prospective leds, by contacting them and staying in touch

+ Communicating with customers ina fendy, prompt and professional mamet

+ Builng satezic client relationships to maximize reveme fora company.

+ Confident presenting the company's products nd services to customers

+ Prospecting with ew and existing casomars through cold calling and networking,
+ Mainmining song knowiedee ofthe company’s rodocs snd promocons,

‘Company name Location JOB TITLE Dates (is. Aug 2011 — fun 2013)
‘Company name-Locarion JOB TITLE Dues (ie. Aug 2011 - Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
+ Super telephone esque and aber professionally ak to key decison maker

+ Developing sles processes and procedures that are efficent and very effacve.

+ Available to work able schedule tha inclndes evenings and weekends

+ Mainining the professional sppesrice & cleanliness of al aress ofthe showroom,
+ Abily to work under presure, managing uncersinty and adapt orpid change.

+ Weitng up high quality response documentstion customers who hive writen in.
+ Excellent social media knowledge of platforms such a Twitter and Facebook et.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Nuneaton University 2008-2011
BSc Glous) Sales Management

Coventry Central College 2005-2008
Alevels:

‘Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (©)

REFERENCES — Available on request,
ys om