Timothy Duncan

Sales
& (528) @ timothy56@yahoo.com
@ hurtful-gas.biz 9 Framitown, Virgin Islands, British

SUMMARY MY LIFE PHILOSOPHY

 

 

Experienced sales professional with a passion for driving Success is not final, failure is not
revenue growth and delivering exceptional customer fatal: It is the courage to continue
satisfaction. With a Bachelor of Business Administration that counts.

degree and 6 years of experience in Account Management,

Sales Representative, and Sales Development roles, | have

consistently exceeded sales targets and built strong client

relationships. Skilled in negotiation, communication, and STRENGTHS
problem-solving, | am confident in my ability to contribute to
Artsy's mission of expanding the art market. | am excited to
join a talented, diverse, and passionate team and leverage my Proven ability to effectively communicate

. 1 with clients and colleagues resulting in
expertise to support Artsy's growth and success. increased client satisfaction and

successful teamwork.

EXPERIENCE y Negotiation Skills

Experienced in negotiating deals and

 

jo Strong Communication Skills

 

 

Account Executive contracts, resulting in increased sales
ArtPro revenue and successful partnerships.
(8 2022- Ongoing 9 New York City .
Managed and upsold a portfolio of art galleries across North America. 45 Problem-Solving
Utilized data to identify successful galleries and make smart decisions Demonstrated ability to identify and
to renew and upsell. Increased subscription revenue resulting in a 20% solve complex problems, resulting in
growth in sales. improved efficiency and customer
* Effectively managed customer relationships & delivered sales at satisfaction.

scale
* Renewed and upsold subscriptions to drive revenue growth
* Identified successful galleries and made data-driven decisions SKI LLS
* Pitched Artsy's value proposition, resulting in increased subscription

revenue

Sales Negotiation
Sales Representative
ArtConnect
8 2017-2022 Q Berlin

Engaged with galleries, educated and consulted on their online
presence and digital strategy. Won new business for Artsy, resulting in

Communication Problem-solving

Customer Relationship Management

a 30% increase in gallery partnerships. Data Analysis Lead Generation
* Engaged with galleries to educate and consult on their digital
strategy Research Time Management

* Won new business for Artsy, resulting in increased gallery
partnerships

* Developed and maintained strong relationships with clients

* Drove subscription revenue to support Artsy's mission

www.enhancv.com Powered by (CX7 Ennancu