ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Aviation Resource Manager
Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
Aviation Resource Manager Performed aircrew resource management functions related to
scheduling, standardization and evaluation, flying and ground training, flight records, and squadron operations.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Training And Implementation, Excel-Advance, PowerPoint-Advance, Word-Advance, Oracle Discoverer Program.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sr. Aviation Resource Manager
United States Air Force - May 2007 - 2020
Key Deliverables:
⚫ Project Manager 6+ years experience Data entry - 7+ years experience Wing Flying Hour Program Manager Program manager for two Wing Flying Hour Programs worth over $175M.
⚫Accumulating over 14,000+ flights for 22,000+ flying hours,
• Developed and implemented new tracking procedures for both Wing Flying Hour Programs, reducing man hours by 60%.
⚫ Responsible for allocating, auditing, reconciling and correcting errors with multiple outside agencies.
⚫Updated weekly meeting slides and presented information to Wing Commander,
•Ensured both Wings were in accordance with Air Force policies.
⚫ Interprets public law, plans, organizes, and directs aircrew and parachutist resource activities.
Aviation Resource Manager
Delta Corporation - 2004-2007
Key Deliverables:
Responsible for maintaining flight and jump records for over 600 personnel -Inspects and evaluates production and maintenance of flight and jump
• Perform procedures to sign in and sign out aircrew members for each days flights Coordinate with aircraft maintenance for the tail number assigned.
⚫ Managed training records, scheduled tasks and provided customer service functions for F- 22 aircrew members.
⚫Interprets public law, plans, organizes, and directs aircrew/aircraft activities Schedules aircrew training and aircraft sorties, and maintains
⚫ Outstanding leadership abilities with solid communication and counselling skills set that promote a positive working relationship with team members.
⚫Maintains outstanding platform business operations skills/Accountability of equipment.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
©This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwik resume.com. Usage Guidelines