RICHARD TIM

HUMAN RESOURCE PROFESSIONAL

SUMMARY
CONTACT Se
SSS A Human Resource Professional with 6+years of experience in sectors

namely - Generic Pharmaceuticals, Critical Care Injectables, Medical Devices

4 info@resumekraft.com
and FMGG. A speaker, counsellor and consultant.

O 202-555-0120

y Chicago, Illinois, US EXPERIENCE
In linkedin.com/resumekraft ————
HR Manager Sep 2019 - Present
Zydus Wellness Ltd
© Partnering with Sales Managers of 4 businesses namely CPD, NL, Key
Accounts & Modern Trade of North India.
* Counselling and consulting with suggestions and support to field &
branch employees during organizational integration.
© Handling operating strength of north team and branch.

© Handling Talent acquisition of positions starting from SO, ASM and RSM
eCATS - Candidate Application levels.

SKILLS

SAP - Success Factor

Sy eae Gl)

OTe TA St © Planning and monitoring joining and onboarding of the new joinee.

© Drive the Induction process in the region for new joinees and ensureing
thorough readiness of new joinees for role delivery.

Ensuring timely execution of changed policies or procedures at

branch level.

e Ensuring exit formalities to carry out seamlessly at branch.

© Taking exit feedback and maintaining the records.

e Handling grievances & concerns related to PF, mediclaim, leaves,

ran calcelisaaecalereenal expense claiming and others, of field employees.

Workday
Canva

MS Excel, word

Dl e Ensuring employee engagement activities like birthday celebrations,
eA ee festivals celebrations.
[EEE * Process owner of SHIKHAR program - PGDBA program for
sales professional in collaboration with Symbiosis Distance Learning Pvt.
Ltd.
Ny Ic)
Deputy Manager Apr 2018 - Sep 2019
raarsisia) Zydus Wellness Ltd.
iactaraat e Handled Talent acquisition of domestic business of CPD and NL at Pan
India level.

ag] 9)(6
* Worked on Talent Retention thoroughly with the help of counselling and

consultation.
© Coordinated in employee life cycle mainly confirmation and appraisal.
e Planned field induction, onboarding and took feedbacks.
e Revamped organizational introduction induction PPT for New Joinee.
* Took exit interviews and feedbacks.
© Prepared and doing exit analysis monthly.
e Handled Talent Management a€” LEAP program for field staff.
¢ Involved in Strategic hiring for head office.
© Prepared monthly Hiring, induction, operating strengths report of zones.

German