David Smith

One it Un
CEMeDN

    

‘Dynamic action-oriented finance professional (CPA, MBA), with a fast-track career spanning 12
years across professional practice through to retail and financial services. Expert in commercial
‘decision support, providing nancial and rk management assessment to support MEA,
‘contract awards, and expansion activites. Keen eye for strengthening and streamlining
‘resources, and succesfully integrating Bland reporting tols (SAP BL, Hyperion, SQL, and VBA)
to enhance data mining and automation, Thrives in performance-driven environments.

“David hasbeen nothing shor ofan inspiration tour team He offered a dynamic and fresh

Caaf? approach daring a complex change period D.Wison, Director, O16 Australia.
‘vance anc oeting © commercial Aas eta & Wholesale Banking
Deon Support © AIMS GAAP a Tax Rustin tht tseenaris
IFRS © Aa Compliance © Basins nttigene Cost Reductions
Foreign xchange 9) © Merges &Aequstions (MA) Budget Forcsting
Seles Pretty Asie © Shifanagement Cro Rist coring

ELECTED HIGHLIGHT:

‘Built the financial models to aid the CEO of Finance Australia (FA) in executing an aggressive growth strategy that would
grow the business from a $6.2 milion turnover to $11.3 milion ness than 18 months.

+ Conducted detailed feasibility reviews of potential MEAs for new store acquisitions fr O1G Australi, considering both
financial and customer demographics. Provided expert recommendations, commentary, and insights tothe CEO, CFO, and
‘Board to identity and lag high-risk potential acquisitions.

‘Produced What-{fmodels and financial projections to asessthe launch ofa new Mabile Lending channel fr Finance
‘Australia Post acquisition, this channel now contributes over 30% of the company's total return

‘Contributed critical data to build the 1,3, and 5-year strategic pan for Rapid Management Consulting.

‘+ Championed the fll introduction ofa new Power reporting solution, successfully integrated through SAP and Oracle
backend ystems, which has been pivotal in enhancing management information systems.

   

 

 

FESSIONAL EXPERIE
Fiwce Ausraatia Pry Lro, SvoNEY May 2022 10 Parsee
[SENIOR FINANCIAL ANALYST

Finance Australia (FA) ia leading nancial planning group with operations across all states in Australia and operates from 30
branch locations, as well as rough mobile operations. FA employs over 220 registered financial advisers. The Senior
Financial Analyst is responsible for providing financial and operational analysis and support to the leadership team,

 

‘+ Assisted the CEO in developing anew 1,3, and 5-year stratepic plan and le a program of activities that resulted in the
business expanding from a small regional network of 4 stores to 22 stores nationwide.

‘+ Conducted in-depth analysis o financial data to produce accurate and meaningful forecasts of business, industry, and
‘economic conditions. This data played a crucial role in planning the opening and closing of branch locations.

‘+ Identified over $1.3 milion in direct cost saving initiatives that have significantly improved the business's ficiency
‘and operational framework Implemented visual and interactive dashboards and provided training on trade
‘management to identify further cost-saving opportunities

‘+ Developed a dynamic "what-if" scenario model using the latest BusinessObjects (8 too)