g Alex Gaines

ay CYBER SECURITY

Profile

Highly-skilled cyber security specialist adept in protecting and securing data and
computer systems. Committed to providing security implementation and support
including in-depth analysis, planning and preparation.

Employment History

Cyber Security Specialist, Rexon Technologies, New York

e Effectively managed IT security-related projects for infrastructure rollouts, and
implemented upgrades and replacements for server systems.

e Led multiple projects with responsibility for hardware planning and risk
management.

e Managed activities including planning, budgeting, oversight and documentation
of all aspects of assigned projects.

e Anticipated and defined customer needs and continually achieved high quality
results for both internal and external customers.

e Maintained close and positive relationships with business team members.

e Trained roughly 200 end users on security processes.

e Helped to build the internal help desk and trained technical staff to provide
support to over 10,000 users.

IT Security Specialist, Deerfield Company, New York

e Oversaw security initiatives of the cloud structure and worked to investigate
and resolve any related issues.

e Directed all phases of complex projects while managing and motivating team
members.

e Worked with technical teams and external vendors to provide optimal
operational support for various services.

e Provided timely and accurate responses for all incidents and requests.

e Performed and coordinated special assignments from the infrastructure
manager.

e Simulated attacks on systems to find exploitable weaknesses and implement
effective solutions.

e Helped to provide short-term and long-term solutions for over 8,000 end users.

Education

Master of Science in Cyber Security, Fairfield University, Fairfield

Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, Boston College, Boston

Certifications

Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)

LTA ETIES

4588 Connolly Drive

New York, 10021
917-123-3288

gaines alexxi89@gmail.com

Skills

Cyber Security

Talieets sabres lg pelo) Ch ifelar

Linux OS

Citrix

Knowledge of the Cyber Threat

Complex Problem Solving

Technical Project Coordination

Oia (Ta)

English

Spanish; Castilian