¢ Personal Info

© 1442 Anyname St, Nashville, TN
37993

@ +1 (654) 258-79313

© ioseph-k.mcleod@gmail.com
@® linkedin.com/injJoey.McLeod
© witter.com/josephmcleod

¢ Skills
3D CAD MODELING SOFTWARE
eccee
Expert
PLC
ecco
Advanced
LINUX
ecco
Advanced
cH
ecco
Advanced
CIRCUIT DEVELOPMENT
ecco
Advanced
REVERSE ENGINEERING
eco

Intermediate
COMMUNICATION SKILLS
eco

Intermediate

¢ Languages
SPANISH
eco
Intermediate
GERMAN,
e

Basic

Joseph McLeod

Electrical Engineer (EIT Certi

 

ied)

Experienced Electrical Engineer with + years in workforce allocation and electric layout
optimization, resulting in 10% increased workflows and 18% increased efficiency. Seeking to
leverage project management skills and experience towards a leadership role at Estavez
Parks.

¢ Experience

2013-02 -
present

Electrical Engineer

Bystronic

+ Planned, designed, and developed tools, engines, and electrical equipment
- resulting in 18% increase in efficiency.

+ Met with clients to oversee installation, operation, and maintenance of
equipment for all local plants.

+ Planned workforce use, space requirements, and equipment layouts to
optimize workflows. 10% increased workflow in year one.

+ Established and reinforced maintenance and safety procedures.

+ Worked with planning and design teams to drive product development
and review tooling specifications.

+ Developed CAN and LIN drivers and communication protocols.

2009-01 -
2012-12

Assistant MPE Engineer

Michigan Parks

+ Performed condition assessments of electric systems service of Michigan
Parks’ physical assets, including plumbing, HVAC, electrical and other
systems, in accordance with inspection protocols, state and local
regulations.

+ Conducted field inspections to identify defects at system and component
level. Recommend potential interventions to improve overall asset
condition and meet benchmark performance requirements. Prepared
detailed reports to support condition assessment findings and certify
inspection results against applicable building codes.

+ Collected and captured additional asset information to build and improve
upon the accuracy of Parks’ asset inventories.

+ Maintained data for use with Parks’ asset management software systems.
+ Analyzed inspection data to identify trends and monitor the effectiveness
of Michigan Parks’ efforts to proactively maintain its assets in a steady

state of good repair.

+ Engaged in document research, investigations, studies, examinations and
testing as they related to the functions or activities of the Capital Needs
Assessment Team.

° Education

 

2006-09 - University of Michigan, MEng. in Electrical Engineeering
2008-06 + Graduated Magna Cum Laude

2002-09 - University of Michigan, B.E. in Electrical Engineering
2006-06

° Conferences

2018-04 EPECS - Sth International Conference on Electric Power and Energy
Conversion Systems

2016-07 The American Society of Electrical Engineers

2014-11 Product Life-Cycle Management - Stanford University