Michael Hayes | Personal Trainer
Location: London

Telephone: 01234 567890

mil: michaelhayes example.com

Professional Profile

"A riven Personal Trainer and Fitness Instructor, committed to supporting cents with the achievement of
health, fitness and weightloss goals

‘Ske in the delivery of intense traning using current techniques in exercise scence and both aerobic and strength
traning programs, wit the ability to offer suitable health and fitness products and solutions to achieve customer
‘expectations. Focused on the acquisition of new business while retaining existing clients, withthe interpersonal
Skil to build productive relationships. A body transformation specalst that has achieved successes in the
improvement of cient experiences through the management and delivery of reliable heath and fitness information,
and via the provision of guidance on best form and technique.

Core Skills

+ Personal raining + Functional taining = Chent relations
+ Goal setting motivation + Health & finess  Nutition aavice
+ Technique support + Heaith& salty Group fness training

Career Summary

Dec 2014 ~ Present Reflex Gym, London
Personal Trainer
outing

Singlehandedly delivering both one-to-one and group persona training to a range of clientele with daily vists
Fanging from 4 cents up to 7; reporting tothe Gym Manager.
Key Responses
‘Supporting the management, marketing and promotion of the gym to inspire the introduction of new members
tothe gym, and providing reliable information on al avaiable ness product.
Interacting with cients to delve a workout plan in accordance to their requirements and ifestyle
Meeting with cients prior to workouts inorder to obtain a comprehensive understanding ofthe client's gol
Driving participation in avaiable dasses in order to assist wth the achievement of cient goals and to provide
relevant knowledge and education.
Observing cients when performing exercises to ensure correct technique and providing diet and lifestyle
“svagestions when relevant tothe fines pan,
‘Approaching members to offer assistance with workouts and to improve upon client experience.
Upseling persona training packages to gym members and ensuring the development of effective working
relationships in oder to retain cents.
‘Offering facity tours, presenting workout routines, and discussing payment plans related tothe gym services.
Devising customised exercse plans for cents based on ther goa, typically including cardiovascular and
‘weight iting exercises.
‘Key Achievements
+” Established and maintained a strong client base with 92% repeat business and a timetable of satisfied lens
‘Designed and implemented exercise, nutrition and condoning programs that enabled numerous clients to
achieve dramatic weight loss, sometimes up to 4st.

‘Jul 2012 ~ Dec 2014 Ultimate Body Gym, London
Personal Trainer

outine
Singlehandedly offered one-to-one personal tsining to highvend clientele wth dally vist ranging from 2 cents
‘up to 10; reported tothe Gym Manager.
Key Responsbiies
Delivered results-oriented, and both science-based and evidence-based trainin to improve upon the health
‘and fitness of clientele.
‘Supported the management, marketing and promotion of the gym to introduce new members and provided
reliable information on all avaiable services.
Interacted with cents to delver a talored workout plan and obtain a full understanding of ther goals.

Paget