Name
City, State
name@gmail.com * 555.555.5555 « linkedin.com/in/your-profile

 

Proven Manager: Apparel, Accessories, Fitness, Garment Manufacturing, Procurement, Product Development Sustainability

Self-directed and driven clothing accessories professional with comprehensive accomplishments leading product
management, development, softline sourcing, production planning, shipping, and cross-functionalteams'to achieve goals. An
innovative thinker with strong fashion, food, beverage, e-commerce, and retail store operation.acumen. Demonstrated
success in developing and executing plans in complex, fast-paced organizations. Recognized for implementing impactful
strategies by analyzing the details to understand the competition, emerging trends, and supply Chait relationships. Highly
organized, creative problem-solver who excels at guiding teams through challengirig pfojétts. Expertise includes managing
‘manufacturing contracts, budgets, products, and advising C-level executives.

‘+ Apparel, Clothing Accessories * Fast-Fashion * Garment Manufacturing * ProdUct Development, Management +
Merchandising * Category Management « Private Label Branding * Consumer Products « Softlines & Hardlines * Retail
Store Operations + Transportation * Logistics * Supply Chain « inventory.* Procutement « Asia, China Outsourcing « Pricing,
Budget * Cost, Data, Trend Analysis « Sustainability + Technology #\Collaboration * People, Vendor Management * Spanish
Language

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

GMPC, New York, NY 2016-Present
Designs and manufactures apparel and accessories fortp brands in sports, urban, fashion, outdoor, and lifestyle industries.
‘Manager, Product Development/Managemient Fashion Accessories

* Oversee the highest-grossing account in the aéce8Sory division of private label hats, gloves, scarves, fitness, backpacks for
client Target stores, and two staff.

‘© Manage product development samples bY collaborating with design to source materials, analyze cost and forecast demand.

‘Achieve profit growth and costréductiof by negotiating favorable terms with manufacturers in China, India, and indonesia.

‘* Meet product delivery deadlines by rmanaging production planning, logistics, supply chain, tracking, and import regulations.

* Ensure factories in Asid follow compliance standards for quality, sustainability, labor laws, and safety via onsite inspections.

© Obtain client appréVal.through impactful written, verbal, and presentation communications.

‘ Travel to Chita tomeét with factories to negotiate terms and costs.

‘* Awarded Employee of the Year and Product Developer of the Year.

David'& Young, New York, NY 2014-2016
Designs and manufactures apparel and accessories for major retailers such as Macy's and Nordstrom.
Production Manager, Fashion Accessories

‘* Supervised manufacturing of private label hats, gloves, scarves, outerwear, hair accessories for Amazon, Nordstrom, Kohls,
and Target stores and two staff.

‘* Supplied products to clients on-time by managing production plans, logistics, supply chain, tracking, and|import compliance.

‘+ Managed product development, material procurement, manufacturing, labels, packaging,“inventory,/and vendor scorecards.

* Guaranteed initial mark-up and quality goals were met by negotiating contracts with mianbfactilrers in China and Korea.

‘* Ensured factories in Asia follow quality, sustainability, labor laws, and safety compliariee standards via onsite inspections.

Capelli New York, New York, NY 2011-2014
Designs, manufactures and markets private label apparel accessories, jeWelfy,fiosiery, footwear, rainwear, and sleepwear.
Assistant Manager, Fashion Accessories Production

‘* Supported manufacturing of private label hats, gloves, scarves, halftaccessoriés, and outerwear for Walmart, Kohls,
Nordstrom, Bloomingdales, Costco, JC Penney, and Target stores.

‘* Ensured on-time product development by collaborating with design t0 source materials, analyze cost, and forecast demand,

* Checked initial mark-up, due dates, and quality goals ar€ met by rlegotiating costs and communicating with manufacturers.

Whole Foods Market, West Orange, NJ 2009-2011,
Grocery retailer of high-quality natural and organic products, with'$17B in revenue, 500+ stores, 90,000 employees.
‘Manager, Coffee Procurement/Buyer

‘* Supervised the store coffee category through the.optimal assortment, shelf set plan, merchandising, price and marketing.
‘© Managed vendors on availability, distribution, delivery, and price; maintained purchase records and processed invoices.
* Validated that product sourced was certified as organic and met standards for sustainability and other quality factors.

* Exceeded profit margin and reveniie targets, launched new products, and delegated tasks to team members.

Charlotte Russe, Paramus) NI 2004-2008
Provides value‘prited apparel for young-minded fashionistas, express themselves through personal style at with 500 stores.
‘Manager, Visual Merchandiser

‘© Maximi22u saleS by merchandising garments in the mannequin windows and store displays leveraging fashion trends.
* Verifietsthat apparel and accessories were displayed in high-traffic areas according to planograms.
‘* Managed éustomer purchases, returns, exchanges, inventory, fitting rooms, and cash balancing as a store key holder.

 

EDUCATION
BA, Bachelor of Arts, Fashion Marketing & Management, Berkeley College of New York City, 2009