Robert Smith
Construction Worker
Phone (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Able to utilize my experience and education to create a safety driven work environment and ensure industry compliant standards for safety in the workplace. Strong planner and problem solver who readily adapts to change, works independently and exceeds expectations.
SKILLS
Computer, Electronics, Electrical, Microsoft, Programming, Hydraulics, Pneumatics,
Troubleshooting, Installation, Networking. Ethernet, Maintenance, Bending Conduit, Team Player, Safety, Forklift Operator, Machine Operator, Programmable Logic Controllers
WORK EXPERIENCE
Construction Worker
ABC Corporation - June 2009 - Present
• Examined materials and structural units to make sure that they are in compliance with
"
provisions of building code and local ordinance while minimizing their cost.
Study specifications in blueprints, sketches, or building plan to prepare project layout and determine dimensions and materials required.
⚫ Loaded, unloaded building materials, machinery, or tools, distributing them to the appropriate locations, according to project plans or specifications.
"
•
Maintained site cleanliness through organizing equipment and disposing of hazardous or excessive materials.
Excellent understanding of cost estimating, and working on renovation and new projects. Highly-skilled general contractor with expertise in bidding and obtaining jobs.
Signal equipment operators to facilitate alignment, movement, or adjustment of machinery, equipment, or materials.
Loader/Unloader
ABC Corporation - May 2015 October 2015
.
Responsibilities checking multiple lanes and loading trailers from wall to wall and floor to ceiling.
⚫ Unloading trailers onto conveyor belts accomplishments n/skills used conveyor belt controls and scanners to scan bar codes and shipping labels.
⚫ Primary project was completely refinishing the outside of an old farmhouse.
Successfully met deadlines for projects and directed workers after becoming comfortable with the work.
• Skills used communication, manual labor, working well with a team as well as independent. ⚫ I do general labor work, which is basically whatever the project manager needs me to do. Responsibilities mostly gutter work on residential and commercial buildings.
EDUCATION
High School Or Equivalent in Engineering-2005 (Kalamazoo Central High School - Kalamazoo, MI) Certificate - (Oconee Fall Line Technical College)
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines