Robert Smith
Construction Administrator
Phone (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com LinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Multifaceted, award-winning and adaptable Construction Administrator with 24 plus years of experience. Well versed in building materials, building systems, building structures, building codes and standards with a working knowledge of HVAC, electrical and plumbing systems. Accomplished in all phases of project development from programming and planning through final project close- Out.
SKILLS
Microsoft Office, Quickbooks, GIS, Google Apps, Customer Service, Customer Support, Software Testing, Pre-Sales Support, Post-Sales Support, Construction Management
WORK EXPERIENCE
Construction Administrator
Brent Custom Homes, Llc - March 2008 - Present
⚫ Managing the residential construction administration operations for a custom homebuilder, from the contract negotiations to final closing.
⚫ Researching the building site location, interfacing with the funding bank to obtain draws procure building permits, property surveys and architectural drawings.
• Completing the accounting functions, including job costing analysis to clients. Ensure compliance to government and industry regulations.
.
Evaluating the cost-related aspects of the project and administer change orders, proposed changes, construction change directives, substitutions, time delays and payment applications in accordance with contract and project requirements.
Providing feedback about issues for improvements (constructability, material appropriateness, clarity, function, equipment coordination, etc.) to design/production team as well as quality management and specifications teams.
⚫ Setting up PO&rsquo;s &amp; Account payable approvals (for their projects. Setting up Credit Applications with Accounts Payable on all new vendor accounts.
Construction Administrator
ABC Corp - 1994 - 2008
• Created project work scopes with Project Manager for bidding.
⚫ Attended the Pre-Bid meetings and Post Bid Interviews.
• Understood the Construction Documents and Specifications.
• Observed construction activities of all kinds in the field and verified the general compliance with the Construction Documents and Specifications.
• Created concise field reports for field observations and issue in a timely fashion.
• Worked through complex project issues by providing team support and technical advice while answering questions that arise in the field or in RFIS.
⚫ Initiated and maintained contact with other key project individuals for clarification. coordination, and negotiation of critical issues.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts in Environmental Geography/GIS- 1993 (University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, WI)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines