Robert Smith
Chief Pilot
Phone (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
As a Chief Pilot, responsible for the training, supervision, and direction of department staff. Experience in Assisting with setting and meeting the financial goals for the flight department by completing the aircraft management division budgeting.
SKILLS
Developing Skills, Pilot, Communication Skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Chief Pilot
ABC Corporation - 2011-2011
• Managed executive travel calendar.
• Worked with senior managers to develop aviations annual budget. Managed authorized budgets,
Recommended and selected new aircraft purchases.
• Obtained documents, certificates, and approvals from local, state, and federal agencies.
•
In charged of a construction company in the aviation department.
Managed operations, expenses, and Lead Maintenance to ensure timelines, crew proficiency. and to comply with passenger necessities and 100% VIP operations.
Chief Pilot
Delta Corporation - 2006-2011
• Oversaw pilot training and evaluation program for five helicopters, a 20 person organization. • Conducted combat rescue training in support of USAF Survival School and helicopter search and rescue operations in coordination with the federal, state,
Manage a Fortune 500 company airplanes, including flying charter, hiring pilots, manage airplanes as to scheduled flights, maintenance, and repair,
• Lead pilot Part 91 and 135 Citation X and Falcon 900EX under Executive Jet Management (EJM charter managed program) Extensive domestic.
⚫ Chief pilot for a large part 135 freight and passenger operator.
⚫ Operational control, training, personnel responsibilities.
Scheduling of Pilots and ancillary personnel Tracking of Pilot Flight and Duty Time Liaison between the company and the FAA Scheduled Check rides for the Company Pilots with the FAA Administered Pilot Training Supervised all ancillary personnel to meet the customers needs.
EDUCATION
G.E.D
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines