Robert Smith hone (12) 456 7890

mall Infocuvikresume,com
Website: vauu.quikresume.com
Linkedin: linkedin. com/quikresume.
‘Address; 1737 Marshullle Road, Alabarna

 

Associate Business Consultant Il

SUMMARY

Senior Business Consultant with more than 9 years of collaborating with IT and Business teams
upporting and developing procedural documents such as Business Requirement Dacurnent
(BRD)s, Processes flows, Run Books, test scripts, design flows, Functional Systern Documents
(FSDs), and application requirements. Ability to effectively analyze complicated) detailed data and
(reate’ clear concise reparts for senior management to assist in developing business direction

SKILLS

Content Managernent, Enterprise Search, Project Managernent, Sales Engineer, Business Analyst,
Data Analytics, Entity Recognition, Taxonomies, SOL, Hirnl, JavaScript, CSS, XPath, and Regex.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Business Consultant Il
[ABC Corporation - January 2015 - December 2015,
Collaborated with a team to meet new regulatory requirements concerning data intearity
defects enterprise-wide
Created the business requirement docurnent as well as assisted in identifying application
developrnent needs.
LUlized the jira tool to outline the project including functional needs, Issue tracking, test
scripts, and results
Interfaced between the business and technology team to develop and clarify the
fequlrements, identify concems of both boa and the technology vendors that were engaged,
Wrote and conducted test scripts, validation as well as the creation of training docurnents and
processes for the Intended users.
+ Managed sales pipeline, dient and account information through salesforce,
+ Employ various methods and tools, document, manage and communicate teks, Issues, and
business decisions,

Business Management Analyst
ABC Corporation -January 2006 - December 2014
Identify and develop requirements to facilitate application enhancement and demand
management needs for production,
Developed customer Impact data models to accurately measure impacts resulting frorn
production outages,
Provided procedures and training to peers to‘etfectively use the models.
Provided analytics and data modeling surrounding atm and debit card systems forthe
organization to include the creation of daly/ weeklyimonthiyiyeerly reporting as well as
Continually Incoming ad-hoc requests from it and business partners to effectively present
outcome to senior executives.
Projects managed include changes/support within the atm debit transaction envitonment,
mainframe enhancements, management of the transition ofthe electronic banking universe
‘nd al related landing tables toa Teradata data warehause,
Research and decision customer escalations providing a clear path to resolution.
Assist wth the development of custerner communications regarding debit card or sirect
deposit account ineidents/changes including extensive auditing for Durbin related initiatives;

(Ths Fre Resume Templats the copyright of Qiks cor. saga Guba