AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Confrence events
People management
customer zenice

Brand manogenent
Business generation

Account management

PROFESSIONAL

caring
alison:

Heath & apes
cored

‘PERSONAL SKILLS

Passionate

Forward thinking
Focuzed

Hard working

CONTACT

Maxine Cory
Dayed Let

The dig Peg
Birmingham
BGONF

T0121 38 026
4 0121938 0028
E infoadajod.com

Driving Hence: Yes
‘Natonlin: Bich

Maxine Curry

Director of sales
PERSONAL SUMMARY

‘A capable individual who hasan existing “Book of contacts” hat he can bring with
het, and whois confident inher ability to generate business quicly. Manne i rel
problem solver at hear, someone who i abl to grasp complex problem end devise
‘rentve solutions. She is 2 tam oriented professional who can succesfully watk
ith peopl at ferent levels On a personal level she has a positive. ‘can do arirude
and is ingry for success and eward. Right ow she is een fo join a company that
only employs the most talented and which offers its customers the bes sevice

WORK EXPERIENCE

‘Company name Birmingham
DIRECTOR OF SALES hn 2013 Present

‘Responsbfor ensuring thatthe sles tum collectively works together to dive he
snes forwac

Dates:

+ Meating all agree sla rps set by the Sales Director.

+ Creating and preparing banqueting proposals for potential customers

+ Converting new business opportunites ino incremental ales.

+ Training and mentoring nor Managers in account management

+ Identifying talented members of staf an then assisting to develop them fre.

+ Drieing quality and consistency wii he caring deparment to ensure thatthe
‘business contimmes to operte successful.

+ Networking ta senior lve across exising and potential organetons,

+ Managing a diverse workforce of individuals frm diferent cousries

+ Wing wp weekly and mony sales activity repore.

+ Managing exiting customer accouns

+ Developing and delivering sales presentation to potential castes.

Company name Location
JOR TITLE Employment ates (ie. Ang 2011 - Jun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Experience of co-rdinating or organising functions and evens.

+ Prepared ro work unsocial hous, such ssp shifs, early momsings, evenings and
‘weekends inorder full duis and be preset at hey fnctons.

+ Have initiative, ambition, selfmotvaton andthe desire sucreed_

+ Sound knowledge ofFiygene, Health & Safety issues.

+ Mocivated bya passion for quay and gre service delivery.

+ Keen to expand her existing technical Knowiedge and ler as mach s possible

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008-2011
BSc (Hons) Catering

Coventry Cenral College 2005-20
A levels:

‘Maths (A) English (2) Technology (B) Science (C)

 

REFERENCES — Available on request.