Maria Rojos

Professional Graphic Designer

Dynamic and innovative professional with 6+ years of invaluable hands-on experience in handling several simultaneous creative design
projects, concept creation, graphic design, animation, and visual conceptualization. Equipped with the ability to escalate brand awareness
by utilizing skills gained in the creative industry, being able to identify opportunities, overcome objections, build long-term mutually
beneficial relationships with vendors, workforce, and clients, establishing a successful and lucrative company.

maria@novoresume.com 0 (123) 600 2019 9 Toronto, Canada @ maria-rojos.com instagram.com/maria_rojos

 

Professional Graphic Designer
Freelance — Orange Media

Establish and manage a Freelance graphic design business that aims
to assist companies in brand development.

Spearhead visual identity including brand positioning, promotions,
and digital marketing For different companies.

Develop creative advertising content for various media, including
catalogs, menus, business cards, Flyers, posters, t-shirts, and
product packaging while ensuring maximum brand awareness of
target audience/market.

Adobe Suite
Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects and InDesign

Conceptualize logo design, gif animations, videos, websites, and Coding
social media channels to promote product brands. HTML, Java & CSS

Leverage rebranding expertise in enhancing client’s corporate
image to ensure profitability and business growth.

Graphic Designer Content Producer - Personal Youtube Channel
BIDA KUH Marketing & Media (09/2018 — Present)
Developed concept and overall content of my personal YouTube
channel.
. . Edited videos For proper timings of audio and texts while
Produced both eCommerce and non-eCommerce creative website choosing a creative video thumbnail for uploading.
layouts and content for the use of clients. Reached 10.000 subscribers in the First year.
Created designs, concepts, and sample layouts, based on
knowledge of layout and esthetic design concepts. Graphic Artist @ 2017 Cancer Awareness Campaign
Prepared illustrations and rough sketches of material, discussing Led the creative process and developed innovative concepts for
them with clients, and making necessary changes. the 2017 Cancer Awareness Campaign.

Provided infographics and other materials and posters For the

Developed graphics and layouts For product illustrations, logos, and use of the Ontario Cancer Awareness Foundation,

websites mirroring company brand style.

Graphic Designer
Blue Lens Media Corp
Bachelor of Fine Arts in Visual Arts

University of Toronto
Utilized After Effects and other computer proficiency in making
motion graphic animations for video productions.

Performed video and sound editing for diverse ads while ensuring
high-quality media productions.

Coordinate with the client to successfully create prolific social

media graphics suitable For target marketing. Video Games Artificial Intelligence

Photography Renewable Energy