First Last

Fashion Buyer

Fashion Buyer with more than 10 years of experience in investigating the clothing
styles and eras required for film or theater performances before purchasing
clothing materials. Distributed sample clothing materials to hundreds of agents
and sales personnel, and arranged for sample garments to be shown at sales
meetings or fashion shows.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Resume Worded, New York, NY

Fashion Buyer
Fashion Designer

07/2019 — Present
10/2018 — Present

e Examined sample material on and off models, adjusting designs as
needed to ensure desired results and avoid budget cuts due.

e Attended over 10 fashion exhibitions and read over 5 clothing
periodicals and manuals before buying a new collection to learn about
current fashion trends and customer preferences.

e Distributed sample clothing materials to hundreds of agents and
sales personnel, and arranged for sample garments to be shown at
sales meetings or fashion shows.

e Listened to over 30 clients’ fashion objectives and devised a strategy
to assist them to achieve them; recommended certain clothes,
accessories, and other fashion products before purchasing materials.

Growthsi, San Francisco, CA

Clothing Retail Representative 05/2017 — 10/2019

e Investigated the clothing styles and eras required for film or theater
performances before purchasing clothing materials.

e Canceled 3 orders due to consumer demands, insufficient availability,
or delivery issues.

e Purchased old clothing and accessories to complete designs; saved
50% of the clothing budget.

e Expanded the company’s customer base by 70% by generating leads
and chasing them.

Resume Worded's Exciting Company, New York, NY

Fashion Critique 08/2012 — 01/2015

e Went to over 20 industrial facilities and showrooms to hunt for new
products to acquire and negotiate prices with suppliers; maintained
an up-to-date portfolio that matches the season's styles and trends.

e Handled merchandise logistics and monitoring to guarantee vendors
ship their things on schedule; decreased customer complaints by
50%.

e Made certain that the pieces and outfits chosen are appropriate for
the client's tastes, style, body type, and price range; reduced wasted
efforts by 70%.

CONTACT

- Denver, OH (Open to Remote)
- +1-234-456-789

- email@resumeworded.com

: linkedin.com/in/username

- github.com/resumeworded

SKILLS

Techniques:

- Purchasing

- Merchandising

» Inventory Management
- Supplier Negotiation

- Purchase Orders

Tools and Frameworks:
- Inventory Control

- Product Development
* Sourcing

- Textiles

- Apparel

- Don't forget to use Resume
Worded to scan your resume
before you send it off (it’s free and
proven to get you more jobs)

 

EDUCATION

Resume Worded University
Bachelor in Fashion Design

Awards: Honors Society (only 5
awarded to class), Dean's List 2012
(Top 10%)

OTHER

- American Purchasing Society
Member

- National Retail Federation
Member