David Dominic

a oO 9 in
info@resumekraft.com +1-202-555-0114 Chicago, Illinois, US —_ https:/Avww linkedin.com/n/david

 

Tools Summary
e Selenium Over 5 years of IT experience in Automation Testing, Functional Testing
¢ QMETRY practices, methodologies, and standards. Comprehensive knowledge of

software development life cycle and quality assurance methodologies

+ JIRA like Analyzing Test Requirements, Defect cycle management.

e RPA UiPath Studio

Work Experience
Career graph

Project2: UMGI - PIXIE
Associate Software Engineer Functonal Tester Sep 2076 - Jan 2018
Info Tech Systems Inc Analyzing the functional specifications and presenting via demo call to
May 2014 - Oct 2015 onshore design team to convey them in case of irregularities regarding the
test process.
Testing Process includes test case design, test data preparation, ingestion,

Software Engineer
JP Stanley Morgan Tech

Oct 2015 - Jan 2018 XML validation and store them in a tool called QMETRY.
e Estimating the roadmap, total time required, manpower of each and every
sprint
Certification e Quick and efficient manual testing on all major modules of the Digital

platform along with smoke testing, End-to-End testing, Maintenance testing
Advance Developer and regression testing.
certification in RPA UiPath Performing UAT testing during each and every sprint to ensure minimal
flaws incurred, in addition to QA.
Creation, management of defects through Defect cycle management tool
called JIRA.
Communicating about the go-live release'’s changes to the
onshore/offshore operations team to facilitate maximum support from our
side and Provide timely updates about the sprint and peer status with the
Test Manager.
Carry out regression testing every time when changes are made to the
code to fix defects.
Experience to run the test cases using Selenium tool.
As acritical resource, | have led the team in several occasions especially
during critical phases of the execution.
Mentoring /guiding Team Members and have assisted them in their career
growth.
Worked as an Individual resource thus managing Full Pixie application
from tester end during all phase of the execution

Education

Bachelor of Engineering (IT)
University of Pennsylvania Aug 2070- May 2074