Information Technology xa See

Intern/Consultant Website: unw.qwilresume.cam
Linkedin: lnkedin.com/qwikresume

ROBERT SMITH ‘Address: 1737 Marshvile Road,

Alabama

Objective
‘Seeking an hnformalion Techiology tnlern positon inthe toformallon Technology fndustry. To

mainialn an environmen! that empowers every team member to make the greatest possibic impact
(90 our business,

Skills

‘Communication Skalls, Management,

Work Experience

Information Technology Intern/Consultant
ER. Simplot Company Food Group - July 2015 - 2020
+ Provides technical support of IT related technologies including matufacharing equipment,
desktops, laptops. mobile cients, and network hardware and software systems.
+ Experiences with Imaging laptops, tablets, thin cllents and PCs using earparate images fram
fle server.
Uses of Footprints trouble ticket system to manage and report W-reated tasks,
Takes averaf RFgen scanner equipment malnlenance, resulting i lreeing up multiple
‘personne from thls addtional resporsibiity
+ Experiences in Active Directory and Imprivila Anthentication Management Sottware,
+ Dillles VNC to remote inte end-user devices, troubleshoot and resolve issies win Windows
operating systems,
+ Experiences using configuration management database V3 to create configuration ems and
‘madly their relationships.

 

Information Technology Intern

Delta Corporation -2014 ~ 2015
+ Tested, and serviced operaling systems, application programs, hardware, and software within
the company.
+ Provided employees with computer help and information,
© Completed all iasks needed within the ofice fom hardware maintenance to handling foreign

phone calls

+ Assisted with inter-office hardware mailing, repaired disabled machines, updated personnel
hardware records, updated computer workstations and

+ Responsible larday to day support including resolution of network and hardware related

computer problems (hands-on diagnosis and repalr
Example problems include VPN setup, nelwork prinier/scanner communication, and securty

door badge acess covtrls,
+ Set up new wireless network

Education

B.S. in Information Systems Management -2012{University of Phoenix)

(Tis Pree Resume Template bse opie of Qatkretmesom. Uhage Guanes