Smriti Ahuja
Branch Banking
Professional

9874512356
smahuja@gmail.com
23, B.T Road, New Delhi

Banking operations expert with skills in identifying business opportunities, managing financial
operations, and streamlining processes related to operational risk. Proven experience in sustaining
cordial relationships with customers and ensuring the attainment of customer satisfaction & business
retention. Strong capabilities in preparing monthly, weekly & daily reports like dashboards with regard
to productivity, quality, timeliness, and areas of improvement.

Branch Operations Manager
HDFC Bank, Pune
Aug 2020 - Present

Reconcile assets between finance & operations and ensure
verification. Research accounting issues for compliance.
Maintain detailed records of crucial financial transactions.
Develop/document accounting policies to maintain and
strengthen internal control systems.

Conduct risk assessments and identify controls to mitigate
risks.

Create & sustain a dynamic environment that fosters
development opportunities and motivates high
performance amongst team members.

Assistant Operations Manager
Standard Chartered Bank, Pune
Dec 2019 - Jul 2020

Actively recruited and oversaw training for all new branch
employees.

Implemented annual performance appraisals for all branch
staff.

Assisted with developing annual branch business plans for
maximum profitability.

Provided complex service line with effective financial
management & control of the branch by dealing with
people/clients from diverse backgrounds.

Maximized sales performance through the delivery of an
exceptional customer experience, people management,
and cost control.

7 AWARDS

Best Audit Rated Branch, 2020-21 | HDFC Bank, Pune

EDUCATION

M.Com (Accounting and
Finance)

SRCC College, New Delhi
2019

B.Com(Accounting and
Finance)

St. Xavier's College

2017

SKILLS

Branch Operations

KYC Operations

Finanacial Reporting

Process Improvements

Compliance Mangement

Customer Service

Team Leadership

LANGUAGES

English @2eee
Hindi eee
Punjabi @eeee