‘Sam Williamson
25554. Galland Avene Phone: 258885-1212
Seale, Wa 08102 Email ovtiamsons2@earhink net

DSc

Innovatve technclogy prtessonal who takes pie in bldg complex clutions with basictectnclogy,
{gating tne most fom a company steaology nvesment Racogized as tenacious problem sever
focused on making techncogy work Accemplahed researcher who ts challenges fo Buldng Blocks
toleam new tecieteny. master advanced sets and dreamline processes. Apples nual let
tranlteaove ofteaaginte love efteaching, and helping ears ola,

Strengths and Copabiies
‘SotwareIstltion and Configure... Problem Sahing..TecnialToubleshocing
“Testing & Qualty Assurance Techneal Training Owerstyin Rles
Responsive fo Customers. Patent and Respect

“Taos ating Technet can asta Staph: Fae Tach Supp Guy TO your Tat Ire TT
people.” Ene Wels, Indi Expert

 

 

 

 

Professional Experience

HANSON), LLC 1000-present,
Senior Technical Laador

‘Technical lead ofa anal eam in a fastehanging ld. Achieved euccess en muti diverse poets by
‘xezeding the demandstoleam qucly, be versbl, and take on vad eles and reepensbties wih
fnthusiasm and nlerest. revayflesincuted syst admiisbalr, databace admnisatr, teal
trains, structions matrls designer, stare developer, ad web devecper.

‘Business inoligence (Bl) Systems Administration and Configuration Management

‘+ Managed configuration of a unique-inaha-industy mobi fearing lboraory. Thelab was the
foundation ofa euccessh education program,

“+ Erployed advanced configuration management skisto operate as many as 20incompatibie and
contig sofware preducsen a sgl platter

1+ Doveoped and exooutedprosesses to assure tat abe were quickly and eably configured ving
‘oscustesting procedures and amas machine and ghosing prtoca

‘+ Researched tnetinaly of eiearing foc, learned the tots: and then but complex preteypes,
Demonsrated te pretatypes na deotson making reve to fasta fot election,

‘+ Prevented sts hat cur wth untcensed sofware by maraniog extensive lit of sotware
eenses and updates. eneurng cent verciens

1+ Negotated wih venderto segue complinenar Heones fr labertery stare,

‘Business neigence (Bl) Technical Tearing and Learning Laboratory Management
“+ Trsted ith al aspects of ogists, varsporaion and setup of mete arin abs,
‘Designed nuciensl mates that matehes features nd finclensto learning neds, to create
‘high gualiy dosscoum experience

‘+ Delvecenands-n echnical valing. Product functionals ince data mining, OLAP.
‘ashbards, sltsial analysis, business analyies, geospatial analytes, query and reporting, and
‘ta lnegraten,Vthin one shot year Vansicnad tem a new nsuctar toa eegnlzed member
‘tthe tout

‘+ Enhanced lescning and infomation ascoveryby creating sample data and designing dashboarés,
scorecards, and reports for uso inlob enero,
Sotwore Design and Development
‘+ Builfow cost data fow dagramming tol that provided a val design of work ow that is
‘ure lacking in commercial ETL tos, Usod esting testo eeate a predutindependent f
Ever database techrcloges

‘+ Created data quality audtng tol that slowed users to deine date quay rules and rum
eontdence owls a8 measures a ala quay,