CHARLOTTE MAY

Investment Consultant
& (241) @ charlotte40@hotmail.com
@ apprehensive-pig.com 9 Birmingham, Egypt

 

SUMMARY MY LIFE PHILOSOPHY

lam a highly analytical and results-driven Investment Consultant In investing, what is comfortable is
with over 3 years of experience in institutional real estate rarely profitable.

investment management. | have a proven track record of

delivering expert and tangible solutions to meet the diverse

needs of clients. My expertise in valuation, debt management,

and consulting services, combined with advanced financial STRENGTHS
modeling skills, enables me to confidently assess risk, manage +4 ae aoe

. arn - . * Critical Thinkin:
investments, and drive financial performance. | am highly skilled 7 9
in communicating complex ideas and information, collaborating
with cross-functional teams, and staying up to date with industry

 

 

 

Demonstrated exceptional critical thinking
skills by conducting detailed financial
analysis and modeling to assess

best practices. | am excited to bring my enthusiasm and investment risks and opportunities.
expertise to contribute to a company's success in solving capital
market problems and bringing efficiency and innovation to the * Communication

changing real estate landscape. Excelled in effectively communicating

complex ideas and information to clients,
team members, and senior management

EXPERI ENCE through concise and persuasive verbal and

written communication.

 

Investment Consultant

Chatham Financial SKILLS

68 2022- Ongoing 9 New York, NY

Managed the delivery of solutions for institutional real estate clients

resulting in increased client satisfaction and retention. Collaborated with

clients to understand their investment and financing strategies, providing
expert and tangible solutions in areas such as valuation, debt Investment Management

management, and consulting services. Conducted detailed financial a

analysis and modeling to assess risk and report financials.

+ Reviewed and extracted information from various real estate source
documents such as loan agreements, leases, income statements, and
balance sheets, ensuring accuracy and completeness of data and
analysis.

* Maintained strong relationships with clients, providing ongoing support Cash Flow Modeling Risk Management
and delivering the highest level of service possible. OS

* Stayed up to date with industry best practices and applied knowledge
to improve the services provided to clients.

* Collaborated with team members and stakeholders to ensure projects
and deliverables were completed on time and to the satisfaction of Python SQL R
clients. oO ~~

 

Financial Analysis Valuation

Debt Management

Real Estate Market Analysis

Client Relationship Management Excel

 

www.enhancv.com Powered by (CX7 Ennancu