SOFTWARE ARCHITECT

SEAN ERVINE

‘ly, Sate
mailer

 

‘expatience. highly mothated, gal-oriented. and
thing to excelin software teclnologies | have
animate deste for keeping uptodate with
technology aed building prototypes. A
emenstratedhistoy of deliver oriented work
thi for satisfed team members, leadership, and
clorts

SKILLS
Team Leadership

Strategic Planning

‘Account Management

Product Development

Project Management

Technology Consulting

INTERESTS
+ Tenis + Srooker
+ Boxing + Table Tennis

‘WORK EXPERIENCE

Cisco Systems
Chief Software Architect

Responsibilities

+ Collaborating with roduct line management toidentily refine, andtranslate customer needsinto concrete
technical requirements.

+ Working wth tratege accounts across EMEA supporting operator in dering their 25 year strategies
covering scftware. integration and business transformation needs

+ Suppottingthe customers'systems consolidation and processing where operator merger andacquisiton had
taken place.

+ Leading architectual tasks and declslons across the curent and future Cisco software potfalo.

+ Coordinating activities includng product development. prototype development, andimplemertation
functions llthe way through ftom use-case creation through to customer delivery.

+ Bvaluatingthe canddate architectures and technologies through intemal rototyping skunkworks" activites,
Inocder to dive imrovemens to software architectures inorder to reduce integation costs cto support
new system features with the goal of reducing integration cost whilst adking new features.

+ Maintaining knowledge of industry standards and trends andactas “go-to subject matter expert in key
‘cevelopingtrends.

2015-06 - Present

Ogilvy
Load Software Architect

Responsibilities

+ Designed and developed a mobile-firstresponsive application with RESTIulweb serices and APIs.

+ Aéopted micro-senices for identified we cases witha new tech stackie. Node JS. MongoDB, Mallgun APL

+ Conceptualized andimplemented Reds caching n the application

+ Implemented emailsolution using Madgun ESP.

DDevelopedi0s app prototype for receipt processing using OCR AR,

+ Developeda prototype for integratingtelephony and texting API tothe product suite

+ Developedan email processor ETL tod using outlook VBA

+ Designed and implemented a data warehouse and BL

+ Bvaluated AWS and Azure toidentify provider and migrate infastructure fem managed vitualization tothe
coud

‘+ Worked on doveloping a go-to-market strategy by converting the product to SaaS on AWS:included defining
the tech stack developing prototype and later if approved, use as an acceleratorproject.

2010-10 - 2015-04

GE Healtheare:
Software Architect

Responsibilities

‘+ Worked none ofthe biggest projects the company delivered fer‘the largest drugretalling chain inthe
Usa,

+ Supervised several items who were performing their endof studies project within the company.

+ Developed and created a local web application: a space forthe employees wherethey could find
‘documentation, vido recordings of warkshop sessions heldnteraly. andphotos ofthe events organized by
the company.

+ Developeda web application used by the cents to communicate sensitveand highy secured configuration
fies.

+ Developeda mobileversiontancid and 105) f one of our products, a clous-basedweb Forecast, and
replenishment application, communicating witha dstbuted backend system.

+ Developed dashboard to track in realtime the available deployed assets nthe cloud

2006-06 - 2010-09

EDUCATION

STANFORD UNIVERSITY 2000 - 2003
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

Stanford University 2003 - 2005

Master of Science in Computer