ROBERT SMITH
Cyber Security Analyst

Phone: (0123}-456-789 | Ematl: notquwikresune.com | Webstte: Qvelkresume.com

 

Seasoned Cyber Sccurity Analyst with 6+ years of experience in system security.
safeguards with adherence ta FISMA and NIST Special Publications, Proficient in risk

assessment and management. vulnerabilities management. Risk Management
Framework (RMF), Assessment and Authorization.

[CORE COMPETENCIES

TCP/IP Network Administration (Window 1DS/IPS, Penetration Testing. Vulnerability
Scanning, Anti-virus, Anti-malware, Network Security, Snort And Nessus Risle
‘Management. Framework Assessment, Authorization, FOAM Management, NIST, FISMA.
(CSAM, FIPS Security Control Assessment, Firewall And Intrusion Detection/prevention
Protocols. Windows, Mainframe, UNIX And Linux Operating Systems, Networle Protocols
And Packet Analysis Tools.

*ROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Cyber Security Analyst
Mavllah Group Lc - June 2013 - Present

Key Deliverables:
+ Interviewing system administrators and other stakcholders to assi

 

in generation
custom reports and/or artifacts in support al the AA process,

 

+ Identifying security controls and construct a compliance matrix for tmeking

 

+ Apply appropriate information security contral for federal Information system
based on NIST 800.37, evaluate threats and vulnerabilities bused on tenable
reports.

+ Working directly with oso in the review of packages such as.eystem security plan
(SSP) to ensure the ssp is updated hased \pon findings in the requirement
traceability matrix (RTM), and spearhead team of Information security

nt of security policies, procedures, and
security assessment and authorization faa) packages for various commercial and
government entities,

+ Providing security support to information system security
ff contact on the FISMA and Nist process

+ Initiate secur

professionals responsible for the developrn:

 

 

iflcers [Iss9) and point

assessment and authorization envirinments such as system

 

security catrgorization, development of security and contingency plans, security
testing and evaluation, system accreditation and continues monitoring,

+) Reviewing privacy threshold analysis (PTA) privacy impact assessment (PIA). and a.
system of record notice

System Support Engineer
‘Emjay Global Lie - January 2012 - May 2013

 

2289 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 19420
(hls Bree mesame template bli copra eta, Uae Gnldalinas