ELAINE CAMERON
78 Venture Ave., Marietta, GA S014
1248.

   

Construction Project Management
~ Specializing in Residential and Light Commercial

PROFILE
Resulsvoncnied, hands-on construction and devclopment profissionat with 15 years of expertise in all
facts of the industry. Verifiable track reeord for the’ successful completion of mulG-million dollar
projects through coordinating trades, developing partnerships. and builing positive rapport with architects,
saginces, local officials, vendors, and clicnts While mainisining cosis, Versed in contract negotiations,
Project estimating. impending design probloms, document preparation, building code and reputations.
Imatevial purchasing, ste manageron! through ceuficatin of occupancy

Areas of Expertise lens

‘Team Building & Leadership
Permitting & Building Code
Constniction Planning & Scheduling
CCotical Path Project Management Vendor & Materials Management
Budgct Analysis Estimating & fob Costing

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

 

Quality Control Management
‘Safety A Compliance Management
‘Organization & Time Management

Global Construction Unlimited, Oak Haven, CA. 1985 ~ Present
CONSTRUCTION SIFE MANAGER

 

Plan, organize, and manage the overall residential and light construction development for the ngest
construction company in California (S10 billioyear). Responsibilities inlude design and blueprint review
and analysis of projects, preparation of construction dovuments, biking, negotiations, sub contractor
selsstion, matsrial purchasing, schowilin project budget, building code complianss, project development.
«quality control, and certification of occupancy: Supervise crews of up to 60 trades workers

AND SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENT

   

KEY PROJEC’

 

‘+ Recruited to assist superintendent in troubleshooting structural problems during the construction of a
100,000 sq. ft. school. Project completed two weeks early and S% under budget.

‘+ Completed $7 million, 6O.unit luxury condo one week early. Challenge: bday deadline with 25
days of rain

‘© Oversaw the construction of $0,000 sq. ft. warchouse. Completed within deadline despite extensive
pisteral delays, architectural design challcages, and unforeseen sub contractor union disputes.

Detected numerous design problems with 2 150,000 sq. ft. long-term care bospital. Brought
[Project inom ts and within bodet