ROBERT SMITH

AWS Devops Engineer |

info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

Around 6+ years of experience, with strong expertise in the fields of DevOps Build
and Release Engineer and System Admin, using various automation tools to aversee
the end to end deployment process. Professional experience in Configuring and
Deploying instances on AWS, Azure, and Rackspace cloud environments & Data
Centers,

EXPERIENCE

AWS Devops Engineer Itt
Arthrex, Florida - JULY 2015 - 2020

Migrated the current Linux environment to AWS /RHEL Linux
environment and used auto scaling feature and Involved in
Remediation and patching of Unix/Linux Servers

Created AWS Raute53 to route traffic between different regions,
Configured AWS IAM and Security Group in Public and Private Subnets.
Invvec.

Used MySOL, DynamaDB and ElastiCache to perform basic database
administration,

Used GZIP with AWS Cloudfront to forward compressed files to
destination node/instances.

Build out server automation with Continuous Integration - Continuous
Deployment tools like Jenkins/Maven for deployment and build
management system,

Creating the automated bulld and deployment process for application,
reengineering setup for better user experience, and leading up to
building.

AWS Devops Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2013 - 2015,

Responsibilities Involved in designing and deploying multitude
applications utilizing almost all of the AWS stack (Including EC2,
RouteS3, 53, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, 5QS, IAM) focusing on high
availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling in AWS Cloudformation.
Configuration tool Installed and configured such as chef server /
‘workstation and nodes via CLI tools to AWS nades.

Installed Vware ESXi 5:5 and 6, vSphere Server and VMware center
Server in rack Servers.

Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, $3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load
Balancer, Auto scaling graups.

Installation, configuration and administration of linux (red hat,
centog}, sun solaris and hp-ux servers,

Installing and deploying apache, jboss . x support of applications tke
apache tomcat and java based applications running on linux

 

‘© THs me Resume Template Isthe copytight of Qwikrasume.com, Usage Gude lines