Robert Smith

Staff Mechanical Engineer/Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT
Ahighly effective Engineering Professional (dual US/Canadian citizen) with
more than 25 years of experience, who meets challenges head-on and
Creates positive change, A creative and detall oriented inelvidual with a
Fecord of success in management, engineering, and design’ development. A
strong leader with a solid technical foundation who develops and leads
teams, while achieving outstanding resutsin fast-paced, dynamic business
environments,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Mechanical Eng ineer/Manager
‘ABC Corporation - November 2009 - July 2013,
Responsibiities:

+ Designed and developed of mechanical parts and assemblies per
‘marketing requirements, UL, and FCC standards,

+ Created 3-0 models In SolidWorks to perform assembly interference
checking and tolerances stack-up analysis per design intent and to
‘generate STEP or IGES files for vendors on tooling design and CNC
machining,

+ Designed and created Mechanical Keep Out (MKO) drawings for EE team
to design PCB layout and fabrication.

+ Performed finite element analysis (FEA) for plastic parts in Solidworks
Simulation for design integrity and part optimization which reduced the
design verification process from 8 to 3 weeks.

+ Wrote test protocols and plans.

+ Coordinated with lab technician to run tests and collect data for
evaluation.

+ Conducted DOE on enclosure cooling design and draw the best
conclusion based on the experimental test data,

Staff Mechanical Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2009
Responsibilties:
Optima ultracentrifuge - Eliminated a high-pitched noise that had been
plaguing the drive design for many years.
* Used FEA and experimental rnethads in the optimizetion ofthis
patented design
+ Optimized airflow for efficient cooling and quiet operation using CFD.
+ Stiffened instrument frame to eliminate undesirable vibration using FEA.
+ Characterized thermal performance of test chamber
* Designed mechanical layout of rotor drive inverter board,
+ Analytical Centrifuge - Designed anew interferometer ta replace one
based on an absolete camera,

(2 Ths Ee Resume Temlate the copyright of Qukesurne cor. Usage Gustine

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marstuille Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7@90
Infowawikresurne,com
ww wqwikresume.com

SKILLS

Modal Analysis, FEA,
NVH, Noise And
Vibrations Analysis And
Control Technologies,
Sound And Vibration.

LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Frofessional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

climbing
Snowboarding
Cacking
Reading

REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company
Name)

Faference-2 (Company
Nema)