‘Curriculumvitae-Resume-Formats.com

——= |
EMMA FRANKLIN

| bain Sree, London, England WIT HY || 0795663432 | exampie-emangesanpie.com
‘Summary
‘Charamatic and persuasive Public Relations Representative offering expertise tn pubic
‘speaking, advertising, and media relations. Superb writer and editor who communicates
effectively with target audiences trough strategic brand management and PR campaigns.

Poted and competent team bude and natura leader who tives i ast paced corporate
lemons

Hiigtighs
‘age management Market research

Media eatin Sales specialist

‘Advertsing coordination © Promotions

Public speaking

Exceptional writer

People penn
Experience

 

Public Relations Representative 2b 2010 0 Caren
Zander Shoe Company — Londo, Eagan
Manage at med, ress and pic relations sues.
1 Develop corporate communicators strategies and programmes, inclding project

‘+ Werk with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR
strategies.

‘+ Estabsh long-range objectives and developed innovative strategies to help achieve
them.

1 Integrate the pubic and analyst relation prograrames with all company departments.
+ Confer with production, graphic design and web-design personne to coordinate
‘Production of corporate commamications materials.

Public Relations Coordinator (ee 2006 to Jun 2010
Powell Medical Supply — London, England
Defined project and company vision, srateghes and tacts.
1 Researched, negotiated, implemented, and tracked advertising and pubic relations
activities.

+ Expanded product and company recogrition in national press to support sales and
‘marketing tea.

1+ Maintained cooperative relationships with representatives of community, consumer,
employee, and public interest rus.

+) Designed web and other content. including monthly newletter: and promotional
calendars.

1 Coached client representatives on effective communication wit the pubic and
employees.

Public Relations and Communications Assistant ‘Apr 2004 to Oct 2006
Metro Corner Website — London, England

‘Wrote engage copy with attention grabbing headties for print and web we.
Assad with te integration of public relations campaigns across multiple med,
+ Prepared. edited, ad reviewed ternal employee communications.

 

Education

 

‘Bachelor of Arts, Public Relations 7004