Robert Smith couract DeralLs

1737 Marslle Rood

Assistant AWS Devops Engineer I (123)-456-7@90
Infowatresume com
wwieawikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Experienced DevOps Engineer dedicated to automation and optimization ‘SKILLS
{or 7 years. Understands and manages the space between operations and Knowledge of
development to quickly deliver code to customers. Has experience with the Retworking, Knowledge

‘oud, as well as DevOps autornation development: For Linux systems,
Brings maturity, enthusiasm, and a drive to learn new technologies along
with real world experience.

‘of cloud computing.

LANGUAGES
WORK EXPERIENCE
English (tive)
Assistant AWS Devops Engineer! french (rofessional
University OF MN - January z014 - 2020 Spanish (professional)
esponsiiives:
* Creatingthe automated bulld and deployment processor application TERE STS
reengineering seni for better user experience, and leading up to
bulldng @ continuous integration system fora our products Ca ey
+ Implemented AWS solitions using E@, 53, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load eee
Balancer, Auto scaling groups. Reedng
+ Responsible for Design of diferent Release Environments for new
projects and monitoring
+ Responsible for Design of diferent Release Environments for new eee nee
projects and monitoring.
+ Installed Chet Server Enterprise OnFremiseWorkStation/ Bootstrapped Reference 2 (Company
the Nodes using Knife Nee cso tease
+ Designed and implemented Chef, including the internal best practices, Name)

cookbooks, automated cookbook Cl and CD system,
+ Migrated VMWARE VMs ta AWS and Managed Services like EC2, S3
Bucket, Routes3, ELB, EBS Etc with Opscode Chef Cookbooks /Recipes:

AWS Devops Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2012-2014
Responsibifties:

+ Key Deliverables Technical leader to align processes and tools, such as
branching, source control structure, dependency management,
LUnuxwindows hybrid build infrastructure, code review, and check-in
policies, that are developed and! instrumented by DevOps teams across
projects globally

+ Managed Ubuntu Linux and Windows virtual servers on AWS EC? using
Puppet.

+ Experienced with working on Puppet Master and Puppet Agents,

* Defined Puppet Master and Puppet Agents to manage and configure
nodes,

+ Deployed Puppet, Puppet dashboard for configuration management to
existing infrastructure,

* Designed and deployed AWS solutions using E2C, S2, ROS, EBS, Elastic
Load Balancer, Auta scaling groups, Opsworks Performed Server
configuration managernent via Puppet.

+ Tensparent Data Encryption (TDE} implementation Database
(Ths Ema Resume Temlate the copyright of Qukesurne cor. Usage Gustine