Junior SQL BI Developer Phone: (129) 4567899

Ema: olocquilresume.com
Website: uunw.qwikrestme.cmt

ROBERT SMITH Linkedin: linkeda.com/qwikrestime
‘Address: 1797 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

\Junlor'SQL BI Developer with more than two yeats of experience in end-to-end implementation of
Dala warehousing projects Including Modeling, Database design, development and administration
of applications with Micrasoft SQL Server Hands-on expenetce in complex Siored Procedures,
efiecive functions, Constraints, Querying. Joins, Keys, Indexes and appropriate Triggers to asslat
ilelent data manipulation and data consistency.

Skills

‘SQL. SOL, PL/SQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Power BI, Excel, Testing, Requirements Gathering

Work Experience

Junior SQL BI Developer
‘ARC Corporation - July 2010 December 2011

+ Deslgied and developed SSIS Packages to impart and export data from MS Excel, SL Server
and Flat files Create joins and sub-queries for complex queries invalving malliple tables

+ Responsible lr Crealing ars Modiiying T-SQL stared procedures/triggers for validating the
Integrity of the data
Created indexed views, and appropriate indexes to reduce the manning time for complex
‘queries
Involved {n the Installation and contguration af SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008 and SQL.
‘Server 2012 with the latest Service Packs,

+ Enhancing performance using optimization techniques-normallzationj2n) indexing and
‘Transaction Isolation levels, monitoring logs to ensure the completeness of batch processes,
seripis, and processes.

+ Created Linked Servers to connect OLE DB data sources and providers Participated in
designing a data warebouse ta stare al information fom OLTP to Staging and Staging to
Enterprise Data warehouse todo better analysis,

+ Used baste Seript Task for renaming the Ble names, storing Row Count Values Into User
Variables,

SQL BI Developer
‘ABC Corporation - November 2008 ~ June 2010

+ Installed and Configured SQL Server 2008.

‘Performance Monitor to track the sizeof the SQL Server database transaction logs and sel up
alerts to notlly the server before the transaction log les, hus averting problems thal might
iherwise seriously allect users and applications,

+ Created Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, cient-specilé Views far the Application,

+ Extensive testingjon the Performance of the Stared Procedures

© Optimized SQL queries for elliciency and provided queries and procedures for the front-end
pplication.

+ Inported and exported data to and trom various heterogeneous sources sing various
techniques like BCP, DTS.

+ This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant lo your current role.

(Tas Pree Resume Template bse copyright of Qutkretmesom. Grate Guldaines