Robert Smith

PL/SQL Developer

PERSONAL STATEMENT
Cratle PL/SOL Developer with over 8 years of experience inthe fled of
software development. Experience in Perl, Oracle and Unix Expertise in
financial Industries based applications including trading systems. Excellent
database knowledge on RDBMS ike Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL Solid experience in
Pet! programming using with JavaScript and Html. Experience in Oracle SOL
{queries and PL/SQL scripts, procedures, functions, triggers and packages
‘and query optimization.

WORK EXPERIENCE

PL/SQL Developer
Jpmorgan Chase - July 2013 - Present
responsibilities:

+ Involving in database developrnent by creating Oracle PL/SQL functions,
procedures, tiggers, packages, records, and collections,

+ Creating database objects like SQL queries, tables, joins stored
procedures using Oracle utlities like PL/SQL, SQL plus, SQL server

+ Involving in performance tuning for complex SCL queries using explain
plan tables, collections, and table parttions to optimize performance,

+ Generating SQL and PLISOL scripts ta create and drop database objects
Including tables, views, primary keys, Indexes, constraints, packages,
sequences, grants, and synonyms.

+ Involving in application enhancements according to user requirements,

+ Building physical data structures like tables, views, constraints &amp;
Indexes.

‘+ Working with SQL loader andl control files to load the data in diferent
schema tables,

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
‘ABC Corp - 2010 - 2013
responsibitties:
+ Conducted database administrative work to support the production
system
+ Provided support for Q4 and Development systems.
+ Identified opportunities to fine-tune and optimize database systems.
+ Designed, coded, ard tested the technical solutions.
+ Identiied the system deficencies and recommending solutions
+ Met aggressive development deadlines and schedules.
+ Worked assianments to members of the team, and monitoring their
workload.

Education

Master Of Computer Application - 2009 (Maharshi Dayanand
University Bachelor Of Science - (Maharshi Dayanand University )

(2 Ths Ee Resume Temlate the copyright of Qukesurne cor. Usage Gustine

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marstuille Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7@90
Infowquikresurne.com
ww wqwikresume.com

‘SKILLS
Microsoft Project, ms
Excel, MS Access, TSQL,
SSIS, SSRS, MS Visio,
Unix ShellPert Script

LANGUAGES

English (Netive)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cocking
Reading

REFERENCES

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Narne)