Aizaz UI Haq
BSC Agricultural Engineer

Mobile: 4571561019120 Emalk alzs2uaf@ gmalicom Visa status Employment Visa

 

“fioustoembak ona rte evel poston inthe adap Alita eld wher exelent pessoas
Sea cae hep eae ceed Sek A Ene oe Ee oe aoe
‘hatalowtorevong pion ohingsbates and tecapbhiy to thrk auto! eben Looting owed to seare postin
“ina watesatihdorgnizaln favngs nam erent acolo aatgreatonanpin te Slide
Landsapingand Astoratcgaton Sytem.

Strengths
= Etimaton of landscaping Wigston Sten > Daligaing of Wigston Sytem
+ Bvauating Tenders, 80Q & Shop Drawings 2 Teamwork & Leadership Abies
rection & Supenision of Work atsite ‘+ Expense in Farm Management Sls

fered

Project Engineer, Global rigation & Landscaping, Sharaty UAE ‘March204-Todate
baltrigoon Lancair heel ncn capted company within AE infil a landing ol nigation Landa as
‘ablhedinsharjahinigpa hasan offen ub Toy, Overt sj cuted any me projets of apg cURL
‘Workshop ManagarTECHNOVISION PVT LIMTED, Lahora, Pak June 2013-January 2044
“Techs van ia group of Companisthatisqperating in Palstan, arch Pshavarand ving heatofice in Labor for paid of overs
decade. The Comparyhasextenavelav howandaprovantrack arin done" Canavan Naha Fell Carter Epes
‘iivanaSuppio:

_Agrlelturalierigaton Engineer, HliSons& Co Pvt. Limited Lahore, Pak July 2012 - May 205
gj Sons aisareputed firm nail scr of Paiste with oie range Veto Cop Seed Roya ed, atone)
Tara Farming &iicrolmigaon tem| Dp 8 Spine)

Project Engineer, Global rigation & Landscaping, Shariah , UAE

«+ Working 2 a Project Engineer of Soft Landecaping & Automatic ngaton System Works since March, 2019 Date
‘Preparation of estimates for landscaping & automatic gation system.
brauating Tenders, £0, Shop Drawings & As But Drawings in ACAD Software,
Deslgiing ofthe gation System aerequirad to sitsty the landscape design layouts and hydraulcs
“Prepare preliminary sketches and concepts for landscape (Hardt Sot) forfevew tvoigh application of knowledge and best
practice systans material.
+ Conducting Coordination meetings with Gent, Consuftant& Main contractor.
* Meeting he requrementsofconeutartclent andthe project exciton tam,
1 Preparation of inigaton|Landscape mater specications for varout type of fobs.
«+ supenision and Monitoringin executon of Landscaping Works at St,
* Ravised and coordinates detail shop drawings 35 par cent advice and comments.
rnalie the AS BUILT drawings with allmadificaton and variation before submission to consutant for approval.
«+ Supervision and Monitoring of Maintenance sites of Soft Landscaping & gation Works.
‘Workshop Manager Techno Vision Pvt. Limited, Labor, Pak
«Worked as workshop Managerin Paks famous Power Generation Company.
* Company deat wit: Caterpilar, Cummins, and Perkins & Kohler Generators.
Knowedgeof generator performance and troubleshooting.
1 Avareness regarding IS (erie information sytem) sofa.
+ Supervision and manitorngof engine avemnadingandmaintenance,
1 Actambling and dmanting of caterplarcysa and G56