ROBERT SMITH

Oracle PL/SQL Developer (Unix)

info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

Over 4+years of professional experience in IT industry as Oracle SOLPLSQL
developer, Analysis Design, and Modeling. Strong knowledge of Oracle architecture
and database design. Excellent skills in designing and development of applications
Using Oracle, SOL, PUISOL Good knowledge on Oracle tools like SOL PLUS, PLISOL,
SOL and used TOAD in many development projects. Oracle Forms and Reports
Experienced in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).

EXPERIENCE

Oracle PL/SQL Developer (Unix)

Breg -JANUARY 2015 - PRESENT
Participating in database design within an existing Oracle database
structure.

+ Helping application development team in preparing technical designs
and perform construction activities

+ Working with developers to design and write complex packages to
support ther needs.

+ Writing complex functions and procedures for new packages and
Update existing packages in an established Oracle database using
predefined business rules

+ Working with database administrators to implement design changes
and new packages.

+ Performance testing and rewriting of production Code/SOL statements
Gamp; procedures performing badly, identified by database
administrators.

+ Provided database support to developers who write code using WCF,
WPF and. Net:

Oracle PL/SQL Developer
ABC Corp - 2014 - 2015

+ Deployed the scripts in production, monitored them and provided
production support assistance.

+ Actively participated in discussions with DBAs to improve the
performance of the DB processes

+ Took part in discussions with data modelers during design meetings
and creating a logical and physical model for the DB:

+ Performed reverse engineering to generate a model using Erwin data
modeling tool

+ Ensured SDLC/QA compliance using Defined process and
methodology.

+ Participated in QA activities final inspection, reviews audits, metrics
data generation, collection, Interpretation and submission.

+ Defined and established Configuration Management,

ԩ THs me Resume Template Isthe copytight of Qwikrasume.com, Usage Gude lines