Ashley Kelley cc: 449-462-0656

INEPT Certied Personal Taner Ashleyjkelley@aol.com
Health and Fitness Editor for TTF Magazine www. AshleyKelley.com
Fitness Model and Actress

Profile, Ashley Kelley brings creativity intensity and all over goofiness to her workout routines. She
lligently works to tailor programs to each client and/or class to give maximum results and
permanent lifestyle changes.

Experience

Ashley Kelley Private Training
Private, in home training inclucing one on one sessions with clients. | tallor each workout for
individual clients ofall genders, shapes and sizes, and goals. | am qualified to work with
injuries, illnesses, and other physical ailments.

 

‘Tough Mudder Bootcamp; Brooklyn NY - 2017-Present
“Tough Mudder Bootcamps take place at the newly created Tough Mudder Gym Headquarters
in Brooklyn. Ciasses are meant to train beginner level groups to compete in the obstacle
‘course. | teach and assist in coaching weekly classes, adjusting workouts and boosting group
‘morale,

 

Brooklyn Boulders; Brooklyn NY - 2016-2017
‘Brooklyn Boulders is a Rock climbing gym located in the heart of Brooklyn. | taught
‘Bootcamp classes throughout the week and privately tained clients ina specialty gym
setting

Rose Fitness Personal Trainer; NY/NY ~ 2015-2017
Rose Fitness is a private studio based personal training program. Workouts are performed in
private studios, outdoors, or atthe clients home. | construct and implement exercise
programs, monitor progress, and motivate clients to reach their heaith and fitness goals.

‘The Trend’n Female Magazine Health and Fitness Editor - NY/NY ~ 2015-Present
‘TTF Magazine is a Female targeted media meant to encourage and inspire young women in
health, beauty, fitness, and many other categories. As the Health and Fitness Ecitor, I give
‘motivational advice, workout routines, and recipes for a healthy diet.

Fitness Model/Actress - NY/NY ~ 2011- Present
Fitness Modeling and Brand Promotion on social media. Working and posing for TTF
Magazine and brands such as Samsung Mobile, Rapide Fitness Equipment, Heath Up
‘Nutition, Better Beast Peanut Butter, Sweet Meat Clean Jerky, National Parks, and much

Education NFPT Certified Personal Trainer
Skills High Intensity Interval Training, Bootcamps, Carcio Training, Weight Loss Clients, Weight Gain

Clients, Creating Unique Routines, and Making Fantastic Low Carb Muffins.