Robert Smith hone (128) 456 7899

Email Infoguvikresume,com
Website : wou, quikrestime, com

Strategy Consultant Unkedln: tinkedin.com/qwikresume
‘Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY

‘Accomplished business leader with 10 years of diverse experience in corporate strategy, strategic
planning, and product management. Proven track record advising Fortune fms and leading
business,

SKILLS

Advanced MS Office, Lean Six Sigrna Black Belt, PMI Project Managernent.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Strategy Consultant
‘ABC Corporation - August 2011 ~ August 2014
VP of Product Management of Coupon advertising leader, managed a team to develop growth

strategy
Developed a business model and product strategy for new consumer analytics and targeting
platforrn with annual revenue.
Gulded executive leadership and team in launching Retaller 10,
Wrote a business plan to secure funding from investors.
Drave market assessment and product definition by designing an econamle models and
business cases,
Bult best-in-class digital advertising RO! model
Recommended centralized business unit and go-to-market plan.

Strategy Consultant
‘ABC Corporation - 2009- 2011

+ New York Specialized in diverse ausiness and Technology Program Management roles for
CitiGroups Global Consumer Group dlvisin.

+ Directly Supported key intiatives for the CEO and Executive Management Teams for Citibank,
Managed the Concierge CRM Program and supported the Execute Sponsor and
Stakeholders,

Redefined the govemance model and implemented an innovative developrnent process.
Modified and enhanced the testing methodology to include a Business Acceptance Testing
validation phase, resulted in a more efficient process to identify and reduce software defects.
‘This is Dummy Description data, Replace with ob description relevant to your current role
This is Dummy Description dato, Replace with job description relevant to your current role

EDUCATION

MBA, In Strategy and Finance - 2007(University of Washindton, Foster School of Business
Seattle, WA)

(0 This Fra Resume Taublat is the copyright of Qwakesume com. Usage Guida