PROFILE

WORK
4 S55 lei

EDUCATION

SKILLS

 

Elisa Rasgado

Address: Extramuros 83, Sotogrande 23330, Spain
Phone number: 724 484 964
Email address: elisarasgado@gmail.com

Accurate Database Administrator with experience of installing, maintaining, and
upgrading various servers and databases, creating backups and logs, simplifying
administration process, implementing security checks, and generating reports.
Proficiency in using different computer programmes, such as Ninox, SpeedBase
Professional, ManageEngine Applications Manager, and Tivoli Storage Manager.

Database Administrator

FCC Environment, Inc.

F] 05/2017 — 02/2019 ( SOTOGRANDE, SPAIN

¢ Received, sorted, and archived various confidential client documents.

¢ Experience using and deep knowledge of MS PLAQL Server, Postgres database, ACE
database, and Tivoli Storage Manager.

¢ Incompliance with company policies and procedures, created backups and logs,
implemented security checks, configured CPE modems and VLAN switches.

¢ Conducted reports on the condition of servers and databases and reported findings,
potential issues, and solutions to managers.

¢ Awarded Employee of the Month for performing great work.

 

Database Administrator

BiP Solutions, Inc.

F] 06/2015 — 05/2017 Q SOTOGRANDE, SPAIN

¢ Installed, maintained, and upgraded Microsoft SQL Server and CPE database.

¢ Pro-actively collaborated with the operations team to identify and execute potential
improvements which simplified the whole administration process and made it more
efficient.

¢ Supported managers and performed other administrative duties as assigned.

¢ Recognized by executives for improving company procedures.

 

International Business Administration

University of Southern Denmark

4) 09/2012 — 05/2015  SONDERBORG, DENMARK

Top 5% of the Programme

Clubs and Societies: Basketball Club, Dance Society, FinTech Society

IB Diploma Programme
Sotogrande International School
F] 09/2010 — 05/2012 () SOTOGRANDE, SPAIN

 

@ LANGUAGES
Spanish English Chinese
Native Full Limited

@ COMPUTER SKILLS

ManageEngine Applications Ninox, SpeedBase
Microsoft Office Manager Professional
eceooeeoe eoeoee eooee

ACE database, Tivoli Storage
SQL Server Manager
eeoeo eeoee