Robert Smith Phone (123) 456 7899

Email infosquikresune,com
Website  wvay.cyikresume, com
Linkedin: linkedin,corn/quikresume
‘Adress: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna

Dot Net Developer (Retail)

SUMMARY

Dok Net Developer with around 5 plus years of experience in the Retail dornain, experience the in
design, development, coding and testing of businessicornmercial applications using C#, ASP. Net,
‘ADO. Net, Microsoft Enterprise Library, SOAR, Web Services, Windows Service, WCF Services, MVC
{and SOL. Proven ability in understanding system requirements, system architecture design,
{developrnent, testing/QA and production envlronrnent setup afd Support

SKILLS

ASPNET, ADO.NET, WPF, WCF, LINO Languages: C, C++, C#, SQL Database: SOL Server Oracle
Si/10g Frameworks: NET MVC Web Technology: HTML, XML, JavaScript, AJAX, CSS, SOAP, Web
Services, Windows Service Server Platforms: Ils Windows Server SPI IDE: Microsoft Visual
Studio .NET Reporting Services: Crystal Reports Version Control: IBM Clear Case, Tortoise SVN,
Ms-tearn Foundation Server Operating Systems MS-DOS, UNIX, MVS, Sun Solaris, Windows

WORK EXPERIENCE

Dot Net Developer (Ret
Walgreens - September 2014 - 2018
Involved in the development of web Forms, classes using Asp.Net that incorporates beth Ntler
architecture, and database connectivity.
involved in gathering the requirements, analysis, design Samp; development of the project.
Designed, developed and enhanced the application using. Net framework 4. 5 and visual
studio 2012
Used dependency injection pattern to reduce the dependency coupling between classes and
in font end using angular,
Experienced in developing and enhancing web forms, master pages, user controls and custom
controls by using htm css. and asp. Net controls,
Implemented server and client side validations using asp. Net validation controls and
javascript
Developed agile so ware development methodologies to enable efficient and effective high
quality software development

 

Dot Net Developer
Xerox April 2013 - August 2014
Implemented crud functionality with entity framework in Asp.Net MVE 4.0,
Designed and coded the applications based upon detail specifications of business and/or user
requirements,
Ensured the effective integration of software across products, plaforms and environments
‘Analyzed the existing applications to determine where problems occur and developed
possible solutions
‘Assisted in creating the documentation of designs and solutions for assigned task
Involved in creating the crm application front end using ci, asp. Net, mvc. javascripe jquery,
bootstrap, entity framework, web services and ajax
Involvedtin executing ssis packages, powershell Scripts, console apps, commandline scripts
and stored procedures,

EDUCATION

(© The Eete Reatme Template the copilght of Qwikenume ccm, Uange Gildaines