AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Business Growth
Operational Ewellence
(Customer Seisfction

Continous Profesional
Development

Problem Management
Cnt Partieiparion
HR toes

Technical Resource
Management

PROFESSIONAL

a
French speaker

German speaker

PERSONAL SKILLS
Enureprenewrial spit,
Persuasive & arial
Relaionsy development

Infancy sie

Nigel Brookes

Business Operations Manager

‘Aself-startet, with bags ofencray. who is always leading th tam om the font
‘and who isnot frightened to take the initiatve, Nigel has the ability to wook
independently ia aneavizonment of change, challange, multiple deadlses and
pronties. He has extensive experience of Business Operational mates and is
‘Passionate about supposting individuals and busineses to excel Asa high achiever
Who has a successfl focord of delivery and exceding targets, le canbe relied upon
tw cutall umaecessary costs nd hit all goals set or him. He isan outstanding
individual, eager to deliver excellence a every oppostunity, an ight now be is
looking for a suitable seior managerial position with an exciting company thats
looking toemploy individuals ofthe highest cline

CAREER HISTORY

Insurance Company » Coventry
BUSINESS OPERATIONS MANAGER Ail 200 - Present

‘Responsible for meting al elevat statutory ad mandatory roqulzements associat
wit operation and for working witia the ame odk ofthe company’ cre Yale a5
well as proming as ethos and mini semen.

Duties
+ Overal esponsibly for shon/nediua em planing and ocganisstion ofall
Developing and managing interdscipnary teams for multi-pany projets.
Partipating inthe sale process by Mentyng busines developer potenti
\Weiing upsepors on business operations forthe exceutive sta

‘Atening guar progress medngs with Senior Manes and Dieters.
(Crating postive cuure whore he Work an get dou
Mentfying aad managing rss, ssues and dependencis.

‘When apo pris, rove operational cove Tor absent Seni Managers.

Mortgage Broker - Manehester
ASSISTANTMANAGER May 2008 —Maich 2009

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Business development atributes

‘+ Estblshing and implementing goals and objectives.
‘+ Knhedge and undrstndiag ofthe Fimacal information tchnobgy.

‘+ Proven rack reco of developing and implementing busines: ties
1 Hoving a mature approach osetacks.

1 Awavucss of and sensiiity to culeal dives

1 Shariag kaowlalge and expeise in highly pofessional mune.

« Desision making ina possul, commereal ven envwoameat.