ROBERT SMITH

Food and Beverage Manager/Bartender

Phone: (0123) 456.789 | Emai: inlo@qwksesume.com | Wobsie: Qwikresume.com
‘SUMMARY,

Dedicated professional guaranteeing smooth operation and brand standards are met. Extensive
‘usiomer service experiences making sure all customers are happy. Problem Solving, mult-
{asking and delivering prompt friendly service. Maintains a postive attitude, decreasing stall,
‘tumover. Seeks managerial postion in food & beverage Department.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsolt Off, Management, Customer Service,
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Food and Beverage Manager/Bartender
‘ABC Corporation - 2014 - 2014

Key Deliverables:

* Directed the actwitios of all food and beverage outa.

+ Budgeted, nancial perlormance, service and qually standards, Ensure quest saistaction
measured by GSI score and strives continuous improvemant of these standards,

'Implomented revised menus in outlets, sireamtinad oast containment initiates and
adjusted statting levels responding to seasonal need,

* Assured proper functioning ofthe point of sales sysiom and coordinates with the sysioms
dopariment of maintenance and periodic upgrades.

+ Solecis all wine for purchaso and creates wine Ist forall Féamp:8 outlets.

Accomplished food and beverage services human resource strategies by determining
accountabilly communicating and enforcing values, policies, and procedures, coursoling,
discipinary, planning, monitoing appraising, and reviewing job contrib tions

+ Propared schedules. and payroll forall Faamp,B department,

Food And Beverage Manager
ABC Corporation - 2010 - 2014

 

Key Deliverables:

*+ Responsible for analyzing data, drawing conclusions, implementing appropriate changes,
and masting deadiines.

* Responsible lor assuring atiainment cf governmental regulations goveming tood and
overage,

* Responsible lor assuring excellent in customer and employee relations

+ Response lor entirety of location, including planning, budgeting, negotiating, tacities,
personnel traning; compliance, financial senaces, and operational management o! multiple
cutlets throughout the park

+ Rlesponsbie for vendor relations and inventory management High accountabiliy for
managing costs, including labor, with expectation to come in on or under budget,

 

2959 Oak Sireet, Old Forge, New York, 13420
(© This Exes Resume Template isthe copyright of Quilrestume.com. Usage Guidelines