Auto Mechanic Apprentice CV Sample

[Ed Du Plesss/ Example Road, Example City/07632
987654321 /eduplessis@examplemal.co.uk

Professional Summary

Ihave been working with cars and maintaining mechanical equioment for a number of
years. Arecent school leaver, Ihave developed a number of sts with fauit finding and repair
(on my own vehicle. lam currently studying for a qualification in vehicle maintenance ana
Cony out minor repair works at a leacing high siteet retailer of car spares and components.
have a track record of offering good customer service as well as being able to discover the
root causes of common mechanical problems.

Core Qualifications
Level 2 Cerfificate in Vehicle Maintenance (Cumentty in progress with Example College)
Professional Qualifications

© Diploma in Cor Maintenance for beginners.

© iMicccrecites,
© FIXIT Bicycle Maintenance trained,

Academic Qualifications

AS levels: Technology and Design (C} and Art {C) 6 GCSEs in English, Technology, Art, Maths,
Science ond History

Key skills

© Ability to fault fing with both diesel ond petrol engines.
Experienced with stripping down components and being able to reassemble them.

© Developed a good working knowledge of bicycle maintenance and discovered
many transferable sills relevant to auto repair situations.

Work Experience
sales Assttant, May 2018 10 present

© Responsible for dealing with customer enquiies and recommending products such as
windscreen wipers and light bulbs.
Gained experience fitting minor components to the vehicles of customers.

© Developed stills in stock rotation ana re-ordering using a computer, when
appropriate.

Trainee Mechanic, Work Experience Placement - June and July 2014

Goined experience working in. mechanic's workshop and all of the relevant heath
and safety regulations

Was responsible for labeling and making notes of any components that were
removed from customers’ venicies

Changed suspension systems and provided new shock absorbers on a variety model.

References

West. Justa single example of the many that are
available, this Auto Mechanic Apprentice CV Sample provides plenty of aaviee for anyone
seeking an apprentices ‘examples, lock elsewhere on our site and check out our
190s and CV builder for further valuable insights, 00.