Group Fitness Instructor CV Sample

Hustin Ross/222 Some Road/Some Town/01234 777444 ustinross@somemai.com

Professional Summary

Experienced group fitness instructor with the orive and knowledge and enthusiasm to apply
ine correct fimess techniques to help clients to achieve their goals. Specialst in the areas of
person fiiness and nutition, able fo analyse the fitness and heath levels of different cents
{and help them to create and stick fo specific training programmes. Enjoys inspiing other
people fo work for the progress they want to make.

Core Qualifications

Bachelor of Science: Exercite Science at London University - London,

Professional Qualifications

CPR, fist aid ane AED.
Cross Fit Level 2 Instructor.
Coach's Prep Certified:

Academic Qualifications

Bachelor of Science: Exercite Science at London University — London, England, 2008-2011 A,
levels: Physical Education (A) English (B) Science (8) Maths (

Key skills

© Motivating a group to achieve thet fitness goa's
Group exercise leadership.
Nufttion and ciet aaviee.

© Exercise moatfication ond injury prevention,

Work Experience

Group Fitness Instructor at Levels Gym, London - 2013-Present Day

© Designing fitness classes to suit the finess levels of all participants.
Providing advice on the best diets to follow for different cents
Motivating clients individually ang as o group.

© ‘Monitoring clients and providing advice on the best way to perform certain exer

Personal Fitness Trainer London September 2009 - March 2013

Designing personal taining programmes for clients
Performing light fist cio os and when needed.

Instructing clients on the best workout methods for their goals

Helping clients fo stick to @ training schedule.

Preparing equipment for workout sessions including music ang fiiness questionnaires.

References

References are avollable on request. This sraigh? forware group fitness instructor CV sample is
one of o multitude of sifferent methods and materials tno! can be used fo gain important
insights into the exercise of CV writing. Job hunters who are searching for further direction
should also take «look at the special tools as well as the CV builder that are available for use
on this ste.