ROBERT SMITH

Public Relations Agent

info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

Creative professional with extensive project experience from concept to
development. I'm hard working reliable dedicated individual wha can also work great
25a team and enjoys working hands on. My experience and talents range from
construction, landscaping, preduction work, and also public relations.

EXPERIENCE

Public Relations Agent
ABC Corporation - MAY 2005 - JANUARY 2007

‘Supported staff by managing press clippings developing various
press kits and dispersing press releases to appropriate media,

Built awareness by distributing promotional assets to key print and
electronic media and tastemakers.

Scheduled extensive calendar appointments including
teleconferencing, Intemational meetings and media interviews,
Developed and maintained relationships with national and regional
press, television and print.

Generated monthly status reports for each account and maintained
confidential filing system,

Coordinated and assisted in photo shoots, interviews and client
appearances.

Planned yearly events including summer bik=-a-thon, school and
holiday giveaways.

Public Relations

Corporation - 2001 - 2005

‘Worked for this construction and development company in Punta
Cana in the marketing and development sector,

This company has done various projects in Punta Cana including the
the remodeling of world renowned show nightclub CoCaBongo and
the Disco Imagine.

They have also developed a large part of the resort town including
many apartment developments.

Was involved in public relations

Contact TEL 209-959-0351 EMAIL info@bestinprogroup.com Awards
‘and Acknowledgements Emerson Callege! received the honor af
being on the Deans list my freshman year Staff writer for the Em Mag
of Emerson College both online and print | played Division,

My jab was to generate sponsorships fram large companies and
represent the team through public relations and Social media,
Was the senior captain af my High school soccer team and
participated in various sports| was also an officer in the Mandarin,

‘© THs me Resume Template Isthe copytight of Qwikrasume.com, Usage Gude lines