JOHN SMITH

22 Street Rd. 222/222-2222
City, State 06000 cemail@address.com

NATIONAL SALES MANAGER
PROFILE

High-capacty sales experience in new business development, key account management, branding strategies
‘nd territory growth Iitatives in international B28 and industal marketplaces. Proicnt asa satege
thinker, process advocate and product champion in all aspects of valve-added soliton sales, incuding market

‘analysis, new product development, deal accountability and chen relationship balding,

>» Highly sled in developing and implementing successful business plans for high-impact product offerings
witha confident seling approach; rapid delivery of high-growth revenue resus.

> Influential communicator sith strong interpersonal talents In tanslating den requirements into simplified
busines terme and benef summaries that rive executive decison making and acount retention,

> Enlrepreneual expertise in the negotiation and execution of complex contracts and agreements with top
‘management, major vendors and Key decision-makers.

> Selrmotvated to achieve peak team performance, penetrate competitive markets, maintain optimal
Customer satisfaction and meet aggressive business objectives

» Profient in bulling, waning, mobvating, mentoring and directing top-performing aroups of soles and.
‘marketing profesional; fully fair with PAL, large-scale budgeting and cost contr.

> Hands-on Stewardship abies in buldng and retaining key accounts and profitable relationships ith
‘ommerdal and industrial market leader in Neth America and Meco

> Expertise in uid poner, robotics and power transmission technloges.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

New Business Development « Strategic Planning «Sales Lifecycle Management « Relationship Bulding «

Performance Metrics » Competiive Markt Aralysis » Business Savy « PAL/Budgeting » Reverve Generation

+ Profit Buléing » Contract Negotatons « Target Marketing « Change Mangement » Account Optimization ©
Purchasing Distribution Channels « Internet Marketing» E-Commerce « Product Launch

EMPLOYMENT & ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Movontech Industral nc, Newmarket, ON 2000— Present
Director

Founded and grew tis company into profitably as a successful distrbutor and eler of pneumatic hydraulic,
‘vacuum and related industrial products, Uulze expertise in PBL, budgeting, purchasing, sippingirceiving and
‘market knonfedge. Hire, tran, supervise and motvate 9 team of up to 3 professionals. Advanced knowedge
(Of MS Office, SolidWorks and AutoCAD design software

> Consistenty achieve sales gromth fom $150,000 in 2001 to $560,000 in 2007.

7 eques several exclusive produc ines to sl ito the US marketing in 2005; ago closed new business in
Mexico

 Oesigned and produced 2 private ine of Industral components since 2005; successful sold to the
‘manufacturing sector.

> Personally design and launched the company website, along with brochures, catalogs and other marketing
colaterah

> Key clents induded: General Motors, Ford, Cooper Standard, EMI Companies, ABC Group, 16M Canada,
Magna, Vera Group and others.