JESSE KENDALL Ce ee

 

DESIGN ARCHITECT

‘Talented and results-orlonted sonior Architect with strong passion and appraciation for design and deta. Track racord of
‘achievement in managing complex architectural and construction projects fom Incaption to completion, including
planning, estimating, and clienticontracor interactions. Expertise in commercial, residential, health care, and public
projects; knowledgeable in sustainable design techniques, applications, and construction codes. Demonstrated abilty 1
oliver projects within stict time deadlines and budget constraints without sacrificing creativity.

Ee

‘ABC Design Parinarship, Miami, FL, 201% — 203%
‘Senior Design Architect / Partner: Developed strategic, tactical, shorvong-range planning; recruited, hired, trained. and
supensed staf. Served as Director of Project Management; devised project management guidalines, reviewed projects
with managers, coordinated stafing/schaduling, evaluated commercial project contacts, and established milestones and
foe data information. Oversaw proposal development, contract negotiation, bidding, zoning analysis, concept
‘evelopment, design rfnement, code review, document production, and construction administration,

+ Gonerated $1 milion in prof forthe company through fective project management.

Designed an innovative prototype fora large multifamily apartment developer, streamining the product ne wile
providing a vary cost-effective, timeless design solution.

+ neraased efficiency by treamiining the schematic, design davelopment, and construction document phases,

+ Initiated and created a project-related computer fling system: allowed project information to be efficiently and
systematically organized, creating uniformity for each project and the frm.

Notable Projects:
CDE Development Prototype, Mian, FL

"Successfully designed the protalype for 200 o 500 unit apartment complexes throughout the U.S.
Grande DEF, St Petersburg, FL

* Oversaw the design and project management ofa three-bulding, eght-story condominium wth £4 unt.

BOD Architects, Miami, FL, 20xx — 201%
Design Architect: Acted as primary point of contact for clionts ona vavity of mixed use, mulkfamily, and rasor projects
in Florida and throughout the United States. Conducted cant meetings; prepared prasantation drawings, construction
\documents, and specications

+ Consistently achioved on-time projact completion through effective planning and organization
+ Ensured the highest levels of design quality, maintained clent satisfaction, and exceeded expactations.
+ Served as primary member of design team; designed several large urban mixed use projects

Notable Projects:
EFG Square, Rosemary Beach, FL

' Effectively project managed 2 21,500 sq three-story mbced use bulldng of condominiums and retal space.
FGH Strect Mixed Use, Tampa, FL

"Designed the concept for urban mixed use project with hospitality, retal, residential, and parking spaces.

ES

XYz University Schoo! of Architecture, Miam, FL
Master of Architecture, 20xx, Bachelor of Archkacture, 20%x

Cae

Registered Architect, Florida / LEED Accredited Professional / NCARES Cortficato
tensive CAD experience (AutoCAD, Microstation, 20/30)

Cn

‘American Insttuta oF Architects Membar / USGBC Member