[Address « Cy 2
ear rai es
Last Name Linkedin Profile: Web Link

Sample Job Targets:
[ASSOCIATE CREATIVE DIRECTOR # DIRECTOR OF MARKETING
‘SENIOR ART DIRECTOR # PACKAGE DESIGN MANAGER
DIRECTOR - MARKETING STRATEGY

Speciatties: ‘Recognized by Magagne Nome 3s the
‘brainchic Bohind Canadas est marketing Wie ever
Corporate / rand

‘deny Development & | Energetic and create visionary oleing demonstrated expertise in transiting al aspects of
Management. | rand and production into nal product. Sucessul in consistety generating creative
marketing Kens, operating wth budgets, adhering to PBL accourtabay, and dering 7-
Marketing Prometions | figure pret gas. Ispraonl leader who effecivey manages sieabe teams (up to 300)
hoe fostering acreave envepreneuril environment that manimiaes the strengths of
svat Design | company’s human and ancl resources. xcellent management skis thet inde the
‘ordination and supervision of daly operations, personnel, budgeting, contra syste, and
‘AAA Layout Drection | worioad management, Talented i cutting state allances and parnerstips with
eternal supple to Hentty and develop proftable business ventures.
Content Mapping
Catalyst in securing such “name” cents as Company Names: played 3 pcan tty
‘fst & screen Printing | varsorming company tame marketing efforts n vaulting a lca automotive dealerships
Fevenves to second-highest in town. Easy bud rapport. and gain consensus amongst,
a, Web-Ste, | designers, senor management, and supplers to commune sion apd design Wi c3Se

‘Commercial | and passion. Possess i-depth knowledge o legal requirements and coy fox promotional
Production | aunehes to ensure complice wih Chminal Codes, tne Compedton tana the Better
Business Bureau
Vehicle Advertsog

Known for talent in applying a wide range of styles and approaches to meet diverse cents
rect Mat | needs. Accustomed to working on ultple projects wth shor note, Ie or no struction,

‘2d ttl creative judgment for auaity and detals of fshed prodit. Comfortable using.
Promotional Actvty | PhotoShop, ilustater, Gerber Software, Word, and Excel,

Trade Shows ‘CAREER SYNOPSIS.
‘Taal & Computer- | Company Name, Cy. Oate
"ide

Generated Photoraphic
Imaging ‘Based on robust business acumen, orginally selected from a group of hghy-compettive
Cancidates fore ole of Graphic Designer from Day One, revamped ths postion with the
Photo Laboratory | gol of penetrating and anding business from the designe spec. word. Managed Up to 10,
‘Operations | create projects anc tasks spanning ai of Canada and the U'S. Led, motivated, 2nd

tnergted 10+ enteral designers.

Press Approvals & Brand
(Colour Maintenance | + Created visual brands associated wth Company Hames

‘hie capturing each inl company’ essence

+ Dramatically sloshed legal costs over 95% by personaly processing the U.S. and Canadian
legal work fr a7 brands and securing Repstered Trade Marks or al of these brands

‘+ Aveta the prospect of Company experiencing Higaton valved at more than $2 milion
Dy educating senior management on egal promotional protocol

 

thin becca deacines

 

 

 

"Fist Name Last Name» Phone» ara? Tage Fore