ROBERT SMITH
ETL Informatica Developer IL

Phone: (0123}-456-789 | Emall: tnfotqutlresumne-com | Webstte: Qvekresume.com

 

PSN |
(Over 15 years of experience as the ETL/Informatica developer. Good experience in the
“Analysis, Design, Development. Testing and Implementation of business application

systems for Health care, Insurance and Financial purpose, Experience in Business
Intelligence solutions using Data Warehousing/Data mart design, ETL and reporting

Informatica Powercenter. SQL, PL/SQL. Dimensional Modeling, Data Mapping, ETL.
Data Migration, Data Warehousing, Informatica Powerexchange. Data Profiling

LS

ETL Informatics Developer 1
‘Morgan Stanley - January 2005 - Present

Key Deliverables:

+ Analyzing the source data, coordinating with data warehouse tear in developing
relational model and participated in the design team and user requirement
gathering.

+ Working as a developer in creating complex stared procedures, trlgyers, functions,
indexes tables, views and other T-SQL code and SQL. joins lor applications
Developed various T-SGL.

+ Storing procedures; functions and packages. built Data Transformation Services
(OTS) packages for ETL using DTS wizard, involved in designing er models
llogical/physieall for Oracle database to store data retrieved from other sources
including legacy systems,

+ Extensively using Informatics Power Center to-extract data from various sources
and load into staging database

+ Solving T-SQL performance issues using query analyzer. Parsed the data from
XMLs XSD file using XML. transformation. Participating in the detailed level and
high-level design documentation of the ETL system and mapping of business
rules.

+ Interacting with the business representatives for need analysis and te define
business and finctional specifications. Retrieving the data {ror MQ series

+ Working on golden copy of master data management teal of Informatica
nformatica MDM,

 

Junior ETL Software Developer
‘ABC Corp - 2003 - 2005

2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York. 19420
this Bree neste Template copyright of Gren, age Guldeines