Robert Smith FENTACL Ra

1737 Mars Road

Co-Founder & Data Scientist (123)-456-7@90
Infogayisesurne com
wwinawikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

(Over 12 years of experience in Data Management, Integration, Analysis, ‘SKILLS
Software R&D and big data projects, 6 years systern analysis and ‘SAS, R, Python, Matlab,
presentation In Logistics, Telecom, Finance. SQL, Hadoap, Oracle,
SQL Server, Java,
WORK EXPERIENCE Machine Learning,
Hypothesis Testing, Time
Co-Founder & Data Scientist Series Analysis,
XCG Design Corp - April 2016 - 2019 MaNaEHg ATK,
‘Re sponsibilties: Visualization, Excel
+ Statistical Data Modeling, Database Data Modeling, Advanced R/SQL ‘Modeling.
Development.

+ Perforrn data-extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) developrnent

LANGUAGES
and programming,
+ Perforrn data-mining, data analysis and performance measurements on English (Native)
business-infarmation systems by using analytics tools and French (Frofessional)

methodologies. Spanish (Professional)

+ Carrying out Marketing Analytics (Basel I), Risk Management (Logistic

* Worked on importing data from various sources and performed IRB ere
transformations using Map Reduce, Hive to load data into HDFS. Gising 5

different portfolios.

Data Scientist REFERENCES
Cyberdata Technologies Inc - 2014-2016
Responsbitties: jarrah comity
+ In support of National Oceanie and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Reference -2 (Company
aches, Dr Nome)

+ Kunkel supports the transition of the models from a research systern to
fully operational system operated by the National Centers for
Environmental Prediction (NCEP) Central Operations (NCO) in IDP cloud
computing system.

+ Establishing and enhancing operational monitoring working with the
'SDMSs to identify monitoring gaps documenting: operational review
meetings, be familiar with all aspects of NCO operations creating an
archive of operational problems and solutions

+ br

* Kunkel participates in Senior staff meetings which track Issues with all
OfNOAA applications, including Issues with retrieving and storing real
tirne data, supercomputer operation and networking Issues.

+ Also, Dr

* Kunkel, as lead for the Space Weather task at CyberData, provides
‘guidance and oversight for Space Weather science activities ta identity
{and investigate a new modeling capabilites, research developments,
{and observational advances as well as explore the Interaction with

‘0 Ths Ema Resume Template the copyright of Qukresurne. cor. Usage Gudstines