GLEN A. MILLS.

 

 

12245 Mill Creek Court + Colorado Springs, Colorado 80908 + (719) 555-1234

 

PROFILE

EXPERIENCE

EDUCATION

+ Dedicated manager witha strong work ethic and the ability to bul lasting client
relationships.

+ Experienced in operations management, sales, budget development, staffing, and
cost contol.

‘Adept at communicating effectively wih customers. vendors, and stat.

‘Able to motivate employees to perform to their maximum potential,

+ Excoptonal organizational and planning skis; adaptable enjoy new challenges.

 

 

GENERAL MANAGER AND CO-OWNER,
‘Mission Biel inn, Manitou Springs, CO (1984 ~ present)

Kay Accomplishments

  

Won several Seat fhe Spring” awards fhe catagory

+ Maintained expanses below budget trough accurate planing, waste reducton,
Durcrasng ano coseeciye operating poceres.

+ Pinned and managed siteant remodeling projects tat enhanced the
ambiance of the facility. * **

ManagemenvAdminstation
‘Accountable for budgeting, cost conto, payroll, general accounting, and tl profit
and loss.

+ Devoloped marketing campaigns to increase visibly ofthe restaurant; analyzed
‘market demographics, defined te target market, and determined advertising,

placement

Wrote scripts and acted in television commercials: designed print advertisoments

Planned menus, estinated food and beverage costs, and purchased inventory,

+ Investigated and resolved food/ueverage quality and service complains, ensuring
customer satistacion and repeat business.

+ Created now business through community involvement and active public relations.
programs,

Supervision Training
‘Rlocrited, hired, supervised, scheduled, and motwated a stat of up to 25
employees.

+ Trained service staf to enhance customer service and increase profits through
suggestive seling

‘+ Improved productvty and morale by inating systems for accountability and by
Insttuing etlectve training programs.

Community Leadership
area $999) of he Boara of Directors, Manitou Springs Chamber of

 

+ rereased vist of tect trough etectve leadership, Improving visor
Inquires by 20 percent

+ Served as a member of the Economic Development Board charged withthe
‘esponsibility of promoting the community throughout the United States,

Member of the Manitou Springs Art Academy Board of Directors.

‘Member ofthe Manitou Springs Historc Preservation Sociay.

 

UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO, Colorado Springs.
Bachelor of Selonce in Business Administration
+ Completed three years toward this undergraduate degree

PIKES PEAK COMMUNITY COLLEGE, Colorado Springs
‘Associate of Science, Computer Programming