AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Building Work
Health & Safey
Bathroom inztliarion
Bricteying
‘Carpentry & Joinery

Drainage stem

PROFESSIONAL
French speaker

First der

PERSONAL SKILLS

Passionate

Forward thinking
Focused

Hard working

contact

Maine Cary
Dayo Lat

The ig Pez
Birmingham

BIS

T0121 638 0025
Ae o121 6380026
E inogagyob com

Driving license: Yes
‘National: Brith

Maxine Curry
Construction Worker

PERSONAL SUMMARY

An intelligent physically svong and hardworking Construction Wetker who cam cy
tout heney mania consacion work for exende periods of ime, under adverse
‘wenther conditions Masine has experience of welding, bricklaying. carpentry,
plumbing painting, roofing. Slorng, ling and scaffold erecting. Trough her
‘working life she has grned the knowiedzeand recognised qualificonsneeed to
cary outa wide variety of constuction duties. Right now. she is loking for a suitable
positon with a building company that only wants to rerut the very best.

WORK EXPERIENCE

‘Company name Loceion
CONSTRUCTION WORKER Jum 2013 - Present

‘Responsible forasiing experienced tradespeople on a major und busy const
site, by camying outa ange of manual dies,

 

Dates

+ Smoothing end finishing eshly poured cement or concrett onto floors and walls.
+ Operating «rage of powerfalhydrmlic cranes in a variery of outdoor building ses
+ Frequenly ling, aryng & handing constacton material hat weighs 40 pounds.
+ Shoveling earth nd mbble ino tis and, digging ditches & cleming out manholes,

+ Helping o locate water and sewer lines by reading old blueprins and oor plans.

+ Operating jckonmers dri to beak up concrete sroctures, slabs & pavemens
+ Working nd clearing ible from food damaged domestic & commercial buildings
* Conlin afc in and out of constriction site wing placed and band signals
+ Reading and inerpreing constrain related insacions,blueprins and sketches
+ Labriaing, cleaning. and epsising bllding machinery, equipment, nd tls

‘Company neme-Locarion JOB TITLE Dates (ia. Au 201 — Sun 2013)
(Company neme-Locarion JOR TITLE Dues (ie. Aug 2011 ~ fun 2013)

EY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Doing tiling, demolition mud construction work in. af and professional manner.

+ Physically Sr wit excellent balancing sities and superb eye to mn coordination.

+ Espennce of canying out consruction wok in runels and underground.

+ During my carer, have has worked on Highway constuction projects, unnel
excavation, residential construction, house bulding and demolition project.

+ Willing to wodk weekends 2s wells tavel nd sxy overnight in different locations.

+ Puncmal by narre and abl to sa early at 6.30em and can commit to long dy.
(Can workin al kinds of adverse outdoor weather conditions such ein or ow.

 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS

Nuneaton University 2008-2011
'BSc (Hous) Sales Management

(Coventry Cenral College 2005-2008,
Alevels:

‘Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)

REFERENCES ~ Avaable onrequest
eps

hy