ROBERT M. TURNER
11259 Camino dela Rosa aoa Phane: (619-917-5138
a , 919

  

    

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT
SYSTEMS | INFRASTRUCTURE | STAFFING

A highly skilled and sell seasoned senioplevel IT manager with over 20 years of expertise in planning
‘coordinating, implementing and evaluating the effectiveness of systems, infrastructure and staffing.
required to accomplish department projects and objectives.

“PioNERNED COMPLETE OFFUTT INFASTRUCTUNE UPGRADE ~ SOLUTION SAVED
$1.9 MILLION; NETWORK SPEED INCREASED 1,000%.”"

Lr. Covent Jay E. Branson

 

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Strategie {Tactical Planning Project Management Staff Training / Development
Budget Management Vendor Negotiation Policy / Program Development
Team Building / Coaching Solid Leadership Stalls Staffing / Employee Relations

‘TOP SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE
‘More than 20 years of espetience leading, planring, and aspporting a functionally organized, technically
oriented environment mith staff working on a wide variety of technical activities, Expertise in forecasting,
developing ard implementing organizational initiatives, Ability to think strategically and programmatically
‘A maser in setting priorities allocating resources, providing follow-through, assuring a well-organized
vrotkforce and providing evaluation of projecs and efforts,

[US AIRFORCE EDWARDS AFB, CA
‘Special Projects Coordinator (2005 - Present)

Operate, maintain, and defend command, control, communications and computer systems valued at $117
nilion dollar. Support the communication / computer needs of 9000 users stationed at United States
Strategic Command ard the Air Force Agency. Plan and deploy communication solutions worldoride
‘budgeted at more than $10 million dollars antully

+ Support the Commander in an array of forums addressing the full spectrum of command, conte,
commitnications and computer issues and initiatives,

+ Fadlitat substantive group efforts and serves aslisison for tro squadronsin the arena ofspedal projects
collaboration,

Achievements: Led 13-member staff sustaining largest special ops voic/data ever constructed ~ frst ever
report 100% uptime.

[US AIRFORCE EDWARDS AFB, CA

Deputy Commander (2008-20065)

Led 226 military, civilian, and contract personeel delivering base communications to support ACC's largest
ing:

+ Directed 24/7 mission enitical operations and maintenance activities for base level computer systoms,
Federal Aviation Administration compliant navigational aids, visual information services, and base
information systems.

+ Oversanr activities on communication and computer systems valued at over $117 million dollars and
managed an annua budget ofover $Smilion delars

Achievements: Chaired Oftut’s working group for communication and architecture diversity ~ eradicated
Single points of failure. Led install of ACC's frst wireless netorkenical benchmatk for ACC fe AF saving