Eocar HILL
Main Town, ST 60436
(666) 777-2345 | edhill@ aol.com

www inkedn.comfnfedgar hil

‘Mechanical Engineer

Dedicated Mechanical Engineer with R&D experience designing products for companies ranging from
start-ups to world-wide manufacturers. Proficient in using state-of-the-art tools and methods, certified
In welding. processes and equipment. Sold leadership and applied knowledge to competently
‘communicate with external and internal customers and corporate stakeholders. Bilingual English and

Spanish.

Experience
‘ABCInc- Main Town, ST ‘May2013~ Apel! 2039,
‘Mechanical Hardware Engineer
Inkjet printer design, most recently onthe PageWide 3 Color MFP family of products. Worldwide
travelto support product prototype builds at manufacturing sites. Paper path and frsher design
anddevelopment:

Injecton-molde plastic, machined metaland sheet-metalpart and assembly design.
‘Sold modeling & 2-D drafting documentation using PTC Creo.

‘Useof ANS/ASME Y14.5GD&Tto communicate tolerance & inspection requirements
Coordination and approval of production part fist article & Cpkmetrology inspections.
Prototyping of designs using local Model Shop and 30-priting resources.
‘creationof test and assembly foturing.

Test andcharacterizationof components and assemblies to quantify failure, including
accelerated, fatigue, environmental

Collaboration with Es, rmuare engineers, technicians & test operatorsin the design,
‘troubleshooting & resolution of sues.

Collection andinspection of servo metrics and test data from local and remote locations
‘Troubleshooting of test-relatdissuestoroot cause and solution implementation.
assist withserviceabilit testing nd documentation for release with new product.
‘Coordination of product dynamic shock and vibration / drop testing to reduce falures in
shipping and handing,

Perform FEA analyses toidentity and resolve part weaknesses.

Product support and customer interaction at detatestsites.

‘ABCCompany Nov 2010 May2013,
‘Mechanica Engineer
Contract employee at ABC, n inkjet printer design. Roles and responsiilties essentially identical
tothose listed above.

Education and Certification
‘Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering
StateUniversity
Fundamentals of Engineering (IT) Exam