DANETTE BARNES
MIND AND BODY FITNESS PROFESSIONAL

Results-oriented Certiied Personal Training Professional with 2 pasion for designing exercise and
rutiton progam tat maximize workout efficiency, improve ness, crease taming, and develop an overall
‘Serse of el beng, Personae waiter able to coach and maa cents and create an envvonment where
welnes gat are hear, nurture, and executed producing Ife resus, Proven busines acumen combined
ween prachealexperence and formal aig la leader, heathy sn fess reds of strength elude

 

 

 

 

 

 

Teenwark Yo ¥ Pines
‘Nuttin Pans Y octcamps YY peroois
strength Taning ¥ Fesblty Training Y, Sat Leadership
Fines Program Deveepment Business Development  GeoupFiness Pans
PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS.
But, tralned, develope, and inspe ahigh-performing team charged with serving ace than 2000 cents.
Flea leacersip veld aed revatzed langushing tam mecle, transformed culture ef complacency ito cae
that enphaszed serdee excelence, consstency,effency, and eganzatin.
2 Asted numerous cents in developing fines and nution programs ad tosing weigh
7 Receved national recognized mera Counc onExere (RCE) Personal Trainer Cetin,
1 Respected certed fess expert inthe Southeast Region ofthe US.
2 Gertted by the American Red Cross in CPR, AED, and Fest A

WORK EXPERIENCE

My FitOodles, Alona, GA (2009-Presen)
FOUNDER & PRESIDENT

Distinguished onner of fess and nuitlon startup charged witha mission to provide prsonalved ness and
‘wees prograns using holst mind, ad body philosophies to asst lens eacing te Health and feness
‘0a and matain tem for a Wetime

Level Fitness, into, GA (2009-Preset)
A small gym with a tig won — deveogng greet bd to co greet serie for or greet human race. Credited
tat aving moe ho 15 yeors'experence hehng cents fate the bade and ives tothe oes eel

‘CERTIFIED PERSONAL TRAINER

Hed to asc groups x ndeiduaks in exercise actives an the fundamentals of spots. Demonstrate

techniques and method of partcipaton. Observes paripans and informs them of corectve measbes

necessary Yo improve tne sats, Feliaies one Waring sessoxs and infemaional woekshops proving

Instruction en malang heathy ifeceisors.

1 Enforce safety regulations governing spots, recreational activites, and se of exercise equipment.
‘rests specialized training programs fr grcups and india.

Offers aternative exercises during dasses to accommodate deferet levels ness.

“Teach prope: breathing teciniges used during physica exert,

onitrs partkpant' progress and adapts pregars a need,

Br a