ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Digital Media Manager

en dO qutimncccom hs i da

Self taught tech-savvy professional with a strong background in digital media. and design, Develop forthe
latest techonlogy and stay abend of the curve inal aspects of technology.

AP Style; HTML, Eaiting, Proofreading, Microsoft Office, Wordpress

Sr. Digital Media Manager
[ABC Corporation - May 2012 December 2014

‘+ Stted this job with high expectations for the position and made sure that delivered this tothe
company.

+ Staned out with a fll website efiesh bringing the old technelogy and outdated design toa modern
and folly functional fea

Integrated everything they wanted for function and made sure to give ita fully responsive design for
mobile

4 lmplemented a full intranet system tht allowed the company to hook moms ona scheduling system,
‘company-wide calendars, fom, and document tracking with audit conto, internal communication
‘stem and many other intranet enhancements

1 Designed seven websites while working forthe company, they all were unique and pushed modern
sdsign and fuetion.

+ Setup an affordable load balancing solution to take car of any website downtime, integrated
‘quality website backup services, and high-quality Website monitoring tons

‘Analyzed the isk management strcture associated with growing the company aswell as managing
the quality of al the finished projects

Digital Media Manager

‘Santa Fe New Mexican 200? ~ 2012

‘Responsible fr driving sles and results with Digital and Social Media suppomting the Santa Fe New
“Mexicans online presence.

+ Social media savvy with the understanding of each social media plafon and how to idee
strategies from each of them for aorclients

‘Strong writing skills to raft engaging and witty banding alng with social messaging tht is easily
‘consumed hy the public or potemtial consumers.

1 In depth experience with Social listening and experi with analytic tools

*Detaleriente! while working at fast pice tome all guidelines

+ Caneasly tansition a proposal encompass print, web, pay per dick, organic impression and any
and all social mesa carapaigns.

(© This seems Tamla he copy of Qwitrwme com, Las Gals