JUSTIN BAUMGARTER

'5555 Apple Court, City, State, 55555
IM: 555.555.5555 | Email Address

ASSET MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE

Extensive experience in providing asset management expertise to large multi-family portfolio of
defaulted FDIC loans, consisting of commercial realestate and land development loans.

Proven ability to analyze trends and capitalize on opportunities to improve RO! and maximize sale
potential and return for investors.

Experience consists of loan underwriting, acquisition and management of over $4 billion in real
‘estate and loan portfolios in the US and Europe.

‘Successfully acquired an extensive Real Estate portfolio from the Swedish government and created
the largest publily-held Real Estate Company in the country.

Reputation for establishing long-lasting joint venture partnerships and business relationships with
key decision-makers and stakeholders, including broad network of Real Estate Brokers and Property
Managers throughout the US to effectively manage and improve acquisitions and disposition.
‘Thrives. in challenging, fast-paced, and high-pressure environments by utilizing outstanding
‘communication, problem-solving, leadership, and organizational abilities.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NAME OF COMPANY, Fort Worth, Texas 2012 - Present
Principal
Charged with eccountabilty for providing strategic leadership to multi-family real-estate development frm.
Oversee cll acquisition, management, and development of commercial properties and loans. Provide
underwriting due dligence for CMBS offerings and acquisition of commercial real estate deals.

+ Oversee entire project cycle of multi-family property redevelopment projects through joint venture

partnerships.
In charge of demonstrating value added services to enhance ROI and increase market penetration.

NAME OF COMPANY, ving, Texas 2010-2012
Unit anager ~ Portfolio Manager
ited to provide vision ond leadership to Asset Management Teom and to lead Asset Managers during
Itigation, foreclosure, and portfolio liquideion proceedings with focus on delivering maximum RO! to
Investors, Reviewed and approved dlsposition strategies, contracts, appraisals, ond BP's, Provided due
dligence expertise and underuriting for acqulskions.
"Provided expertise in leadership and supervision to 12-member Asset Management Team engaged
Jn administration and management of $800 millon portfolio of defaulted commercial realestate
loans throughout the US.

continued...