Michele Zuffi

Construction Executive/Project Executive
iy. State 09-0060000 emailemail

summary

 

19 years of diverse general management operavens, constuction, ance sales, and marketing experience with regional and
ratoal real estate development construction, and professional service firms. Cul rgineer M.B.A ath diincion paricar
txperuse in real esate development operations, land aquisitons, management sey, consttadion, sles, maketng ond
leasing, Financial planning captal investment budgeting ond pecng Srateye planning, business development, and market
analysts. Recrting training mentoring, and management of irterdcplinar teams

Work experience

 

2016-12 Present

201401 - 201641

2006-10- 2013.09

2003.01 - 2006-10

Education

Project ecutive

Fluor Corp

+ Leadall aspects of construction for a $55 millon internet datacenter.

+ Ddiver fasarack projets on time, with the budget, and ofthe highest quay forthe
lamest cle thats the rumber one internet datacenter provider in the world

+ Oversee and support constuction, scheduling, accountng, bling, ance, legal, reect,
management systems, and project manages.

Project Executive

Turner Construction

+ Managed and ed» $925 millon desgn/buld resor/retal/gaming expansion

1 The Projet included 9 922 key Tourstr hotel specialty vers by House of Blues a
wal aa sate of the-art spa, nedining, and ttl spaces.

Project Executive
stanska

+ Managed and led four direct and teamsof several hundeed intrest reports on a $750
millon desigrvbuld the prmocetcal oii.

+L responsible forthe design preconsrucion functions and constuction
management actives of ONGC laboratories administrative complex, and data center,

Project ecutive
Bechtel Corp

+ Ledthe entire development process for22 mitmilion dollar planned unit
evelopment

+ Led easily, lad acquisition, zoning approvals, permitting predevelopment
aces, finance, sles, marketing, community design leasing construction delvery,
Dreec quality, project sof, HOA management turnover and stabilization

+ Ledmost profitable planned community in eter In 2007, which recaved an awardfor
thebest sling communty n the Washington, OC area by Harley Wood,

+ Managed projects concet pla, due diligence, design development, fancing,
marketing contract and change oder negotiations and construction of entre
‘communi developmentincluding amenities, sgnage, buldrg guidlines ard
specifications.

+ Negotiated with andowners,bulders, contracts state and local ursdcton ofc,
atoreys,lenders and consulta.

+ Coordinated and supported Finance Department with obtaining pre-construction and
construction debt equty, joint ventures, Invests, closings, de digence, and
‘etlement document,

+ Planned, coordinated, analyzed, and managed project performance.

Implemerted successful communities on time,on the budget, and ofthe highest quay.

 

2000 - 2002

skills

Master of Business Administration
Univers of Florida

 

Project Management
a