Robert Smith pone erate

1737 Marstullle Road,
Alabama

Certified Fitness Instructor (123)-456-7890
infoeawikresume.com
srwwewikresume.com

PERSONAL STATEMENT

{1am looking to be employed in a position thats both innovative and ‘SKILLS
challenging. Ihave a strong Interest in working with my employer to Mircosottoice

fenhance operations and foster a sence of teamwork among fellow statt
members. | am open to constructive criticism and advice. | am fully

Spreadsheets. Excel

computer Ikerate and a quick learner on new programs. | would ike to work
Tor @ company where | wauld be able to enhance rny skills and possibly

exceed my own expectations. LANGUAGES
English (Native)
WORK EXPERIENCE French (Frofessional)

Spanish (Professional)

Certified Fitness Instructor
Fit Body Bootcamp - June 2016 -2019

‘Responsibilities: INTERESTS

Work wth a andl leis decty to develop personal tthess goa. lining

= Promote club programs, products, and services to participants, Snowboarding

* Dalptnad gent a pac ne dO ene lainieels oat ecking
perl Clean ar oer std aay ach pu fest

+ Keop tack ofeach cess ze ond gauge electvoness of each das,

+ frovesive Leasing Customer service Representative 0872015/04/2016
Address custorner service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. REFERENCES

+ Gleacuienerdappaneaieriaioy o annie? along fee entree
‘troubleshoot issues, and resolve complaints. Name)

Reference - 2 (Company

Processed payments as well as arranged payment plans, io

Fitness Instructor
Chaos Training - 2012-2016

esponsibilties:

Scheduled every workout, rade sure each person perform thele workout
to best oftheir ability

Designed circutt dally for each workout plan.

Clients were able to perform workout demonstrated correct,

‘Any poor technique was corrected and performed right.

Everyone was able to complete work,

Skills Used Motivational skills, kinesiology skill to help each cllent on
their level and lft them to a higher Level

During workout | will make sure all techniques are correct and trainees
{gt a fil range of motion, prevent any strain; pull or tare,

Education

Diploma - (Wayne State University)

(2 Ths Ee Resume Temlate the copyright of Qukesurne cor. Usage Gustine