Aviation Operations Phone: (129) 456 7890

imal: infotwittesume-com
Specialist /Manager Weta memsawecmmnccen
Linkedin: linkedin com/qwkresume

ROBERT SMITH ‘Address: 1797 Marshvile Road,

Alabama

Objective

Results-arlented Aviation Operations Speclist/Manager with 7 plus years in aviation operation. A
latent for working efficiently under pressure apd stress in a busy almosphere. Adept to handling
‘confidential information and situations with discretion and has ai innate ably 19 develop loyal
and cohesive stall, dedicated to the task at hand,

Skills

Extremely Organized, Clerical, Leadership Skills, Team Building, Problem Resolution, Confident
Gustomer Service

Work Experience
Aviation Operations Specialist /Manager

‘ABC Corporation - March 2011 ~ August 2014

+ Manages 2 Might hour database programs, ensuring the acciracy and timeliness of reports for
an average of 216 Might operation per day.

+ Schedules and monitors quarierly and aniual traning events fer $25 Marines,

+ Manages the logistical movement of required operational resources of 1000+ Ibs.
fordeployments and off-site training excrelses

+ Prepared operation plans, training directives, and maintaining orders of Might tinte tn both
matter and Individual Might fle.

+ Logged over 4,000 deployed fight hours and contindously maintained Might documents tn
‘several programs lo contribute to dally maintenance on aircraft

+ Maintained fight logs on incoming/oualng Nights and individual Mgt records,

Aviation Operations Specialist
‘ABC Corporation - 2007 -2011
* Responsible for coordinating all Temporary Duly Travel ulliing the Defense Travel System lor
personne in rd Battalion 1015t Aviation Regiment conducting a National Training Center
Rolalion, AH-64 Alrerafl Fielding, and AH-Gt Alreafl Reset (allowing deployraen
+ Responsible for trating three personne! In the use ofthe Defense Travel System Preformed
dulles as a Baltle NCO responsible for ensuring thal all Radio Telephone Operators were
trained and preforming to standart
+ Preformed duties as @ Balilion Air Movement Request Coordinator
+ Received Air Movement Reqursls lo be processed ara assghed Lo misslons fer suppor.
+ Planned dally Air Movement Missions for UH-60 alrerews,
This is Dummy Deseripion data, Replace with job description relevant to your current ral.
+ ‘This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant lo your current role.

Education

‘Bachelor's n Criminal Justice - 201 (Towson University - Towson, MD}

(Tas Pree Resume Template bse copyright of Qutkretmesom. Grate Guldaines