Robert Smith couract DeralLs

1737 Nara Rood,

Informatica ETL Developer (123)-456-7299
Ifossreue com
wiowcqwikresumecom

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Accomplished and results driven professional with years of experience and ‘SKILLS
{an outstanding record of accomplishments providing technology solutions Oracle 9x/10/5/11%,
that meet demanding time constraints, | exceed expectations on a informatica 7x/8/x,

consistent basis. Expertly develop scalable solutions that drarnatically

Improve efficiency, productivity, and proftabilty. eee aa

Warehouse Builder
LOx/L1x, Business
WORK EXPERIENCE ‘Analysis, Data

Informatica ETL Developer Warehousing

ABC Corporation - June 2005 - February 2007

festansbties, LANGUAGES
+ Worked on Extraction, Transformation and Leading of data using Sa Nave
Informatica, French (Professional)
+ Involved inthe design and development of all interfaces using Spanish (Professional)

Informatica Powermart tools.
+ Used Debugger to test the mappings and fix bugs,

+ Used Informatica to Extract and Transforrn the data from various source INTERESTS.
systerns by Incorporating varlous business rules, Climbing

+ Developed standards and re-usable mappings and mapplets using Snowboarding
Various transformations lke expression, aggregator, joiner, source Cooking
qualifier, router, lookup, sorter, union, and fitter. Reasing

+ Created, updated and maintained the ETL technical docurnentation,
+ Managed Repository Users, Groups and Privileges,

REFERENCES
ETL Developer Reference - 1 (Compary
‘ABC Corporation - 2004 - 2005 Name)

Reference - 2 (Company

re sponsibisties: ae

+ Duration Feb 2005 - Sept 2005 Responsibilities Responsible for
performance tuning ETL process to optimize load and query
Performance Created complex transforrnations using connected )
Unconnected lookups / procedures Performed analysis of the data
transformations.

+ Added and modified informatica mappings and sessions to improve
performance, accuracy, and maintainabilty of existing ETL functionality.

+ Provided suggestions to improve existing mappings Wrate SOL overrides
In source qualifiers with appropriate schema names for extracting only
the required rows for optimal performance.

+ Implemented complex expressions in expression transformations.

+ Tested the querles thoroughly in SCL navigator for integrity and
Identifying data errors Preparation of Unit Test Plans and verification of
{functional specifications and review of deliverables Setting of Error
Logic for streamlining and autornating the.

+ Used the target load order feature for loading tables with constraints
Provided production support by monitoring the processes running dally
Identified the bottlenecks and improved overall performance of the
sessions Environment Informatica Pawer Center 8.6, Erwin 4, Oracle
9/109, PLISOL, PVCS, SOLLoader, TOAD, MS SCL Server 2005/2008,
(Ths Ema Resume Tamnlate i the conynght of Quiksue cor. Usage Guldstines