PMO analyst CV Sample

onathan Smith / 12, Church Lane, Market Rasen, Lincolnshire / 01426 8013577
[smith@hootmail.com /

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Akeen, motivated and qualified business analyst, with experience of seeing projects of
varying scale through from initiation to completion in busy project management offices
Offering a full unaerstanding of the Importance of project delivery on time and within Oudget
Currently looking to progress by engaging in a PMO analyst postin a large orgarisation,
ideoly with opportunities for speciaisation, challenging business projects and professional
development,

Professional Qualifications

© FRINCE2® Foundation & Practitioner. including exams- S65: Training Lt3., Lincoln
(2013)
© Fulldriving ticence.

Key Skills

Strong information management abity, particularly MS Excel extraction, formulae,
Bivot tables and graphs:

Postive personality and productive team worker

Clear thinker: adapt af facilitating discussion.

Excellent communicator.

Experience
Senior Business Anal indummis Lia, South Hykeham, Uncoln (February 2015 1 date

© supporting the FMO Monager with consultancy. contract and after-sales customer
care projects,

© Monitoring progress and preparing management information, including exception
reporting,
Attending regular review meetings: making presentations fo small groups.

© Helping fo implement improvements

Business Analyst ~ Simonson's Group, Boddington Road, Lincoln (September 2012 to January
2015 fraining postion, later promoted fo analyst post)

Working with experienced analysts and gaining an appreciation of Prince:
methodologies in practical business environments.

Liasing with development and implementation teams to achieve weeldy and monthly
objectives

Resolving unexpected issues, bringing them to management attention when
appropriate.

Ad hoc data management tasks as required.

EDUCATION
Academic Qualifications
B.Se.Hons, Business ond Enterprise Development, Lincoln Business School, 2012. Alevels:

Computer Science (A), Business Studies (A), English Language (8) ~ The Priory Academy LSS.
Lincoln, 2009

References

Avolloble on request.

Conclusion Call to Action

This PMO analyst CV sample is one of several that provide ossistance, eupport and valuable
insight when composing @ CV for project management office onaiyst postions. Job seekers
are also invited fo use the tools and CV builder on this ste