Application Programmer /ETL Phone: (120) 456 7898

Anal, ietwieesumeorn
Developer ete sew wemeears
Used: lnedincom/ wes

ROBERT SMITH ‘Address: 1797 Marshvile Road,

Alabama

Objective

7 years of IBM Infosphere DataStage experience ranging ram Design, Development, Test Support
Implementation and Production Support, Worked extensively on designing and developing parallel
DalaStage jobs nV || Good experience in Data ware house designs, and dala modeling, Slar andl
snowflake schemas. Worked in detail with different stages in DalaStage lke Dalabase connectors,
‘Transformer, Lookup, Join, change caplure and Aguvegalor and successfully ran Jobs fram medium
taliigh complestty levels,

Skills

Work Experience

Application Programmer/ETL Developer
‘ABC Corporation - November 2010 ~ March 2012
+ Responsibilities Design, Develop and Implementation of ET. jobs to lad intemal and extemal
data Into data matt,
+ Worked closely with business team to gather requirements
Developed the Source-Tange! Mapping for each Dimension and Fact tables,
Develop and modify ETL jobs to meet monthly and quarterly report needs.
+ Developed ETL processes to load dala into fact tables from mulple sources like Files, Oracle,
Teradala and SQL Server databases,
+ Extracted data from Oracle database transformed apd loaded inlo Teradata database acconting
to the specifications,
+ Used Teradata ulliies tke Mull! Lad, T Pump, ad Fast Load to load data into Teradata data
warchouse from Oracle and DB2 databases.

ETL Developer
‘ABC Corporation - 2009-2010
Developed Mappings and transformation rules tomap business ules, requirements and
policies, using Oracle Warchouse Bullder {OWE} 9:2.

+ Developed PL/SQL scripts and processes to conver! legacy codes and data to standardized and
‘normalized format for OWB Transformation,

+ Delined and worked with ellen! to formalize OWB architecture and archiving processes

+ Created dally mapping functionalities a move data trom Oracle 111 Applications environment
to warehouse.
Delined, designed and created PL/SQL scripts to ellect sales dala recasting and reeast dala
extracts lor use by Sales reps.
Fine-(tined scripts for performance and enhancements using PL/SQL.

+ Generated sehema comparison serfpts fo enable clit to maintain schemas in syie-with OWE
repasitory

Education

(Tas Pree Resume Template bse copyright of Qutkretmesom. Grate Guldaines