Preliminary Tester Phone: (125) 456 78.99

Ema: olocquilresume.com
Website: uunw.qwikrestme.cmt

ROBERT SMITH Linkedin: linkeda.com/qwikrestime
‘Address: 1797 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

‘Seastnied professional with 4+ years of industry experience, Managed business partner and
management expectations while working an visible and high impact projects. Worked directly with
the client in right from Proposal submission to Program execution activities. Played key role in
steering a data lransfarmation program for reputed clients,

Skills

‘Aulomation Expert, Testing Methodologies, ETL Testing SME, Data Migration Testing, Web Testing,
IVR Testing, SAP-HICM Testing, Mobile Tesling, Program Management, Project Management.

Work Experience
Preliminary Tester

‘ABC Corporation - April 2008 - May 2008

+ Collaborate with business units to define requirements Samp; reporting solutions.

+ Identify the reporting approach based on the requirements to be salisiied
Involved in Analysis and Design wallalhreughs, and created Syslem Test plan and System test
csases out of requirements.
Involved {n creations of Testbed forthe execution of test eases tn LIND Input ies,

+ Aulomated Test data set up preparation using shell and Unix seripting,

+ Identiled Test eases sulting automation requirements,

+ Managed Test resulls through Rational Test Manager, aso involved In Transition Activities and
cchdtser taining,

Tester
‘ABC Corporation - 2002 - 2004

* Environment JAVA, C, Pulty, Winsep, AML Quality Center, Quick Test Professional Project
‘Description Procure ta Pay project involved tracking all the payable involees, workllows apd
vendor management.

+ Testing Included validating various invoice processing, workflows, and vendar integration.

+ Analyzed various documents and prepared test eases covering all requirements of the
application.

+ Converted lest eases for various test ses to organize the execution pmcedure 1a meet the
project timeline anid timely deliverables,

+ Tested functionallies of the application lke payable workflow Created test data far different
linvoloes with the Procure ta Pay module forex Projects, Worl order and Recurring. non
Recurring and Leases.

+ Provided functional demos ot the P2P tnvalce workflow ta the bustness,

* Discussed the test eases for regression testing with the quality engineers Created automated
regression lest sevipis wilh a hybrid driven approach using GTP 92 Executed the Aulomaled
lest seripts and did an end-lo-end analysis of the laled test seripts and debug the same.

Education

(Tas Pree Resume Template bse copyright of Qutkretmesom. Grate Guldaines