Robert Smith hone (128) 456 7899

Email Infocauikeesume,com

. Website vauu.quikresume.com
Mechanical Engineer | LUnkedin: linkedlin.com/quikresurne

‘Address; 1737 Marshullle Road, Alabarna

 

SUMMARY

“44 years of experience as a Mechanical Engineer. Currently open to DesigrvRelease engineering
positions as part of building on my previous design experience and pursuing my long term career
goals.

SKILLS

Autodesk, AutoCAD, Inventor, Solidworks, Combustion Engines, Thermal Systerns, GD
Maintenance, Repair, Packaging, Machinery, Mastercarn, Six Sigma, Kanban, Inventory, Machine
Design, Mantfacturing, CAD, CAM, 3D CAB, 20 CAD, 30, 20, Mastercam, CNC, and LEAN.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Mechanical Engineer t
|ABC Corporation - March 2016 - Present

+ Designing and developing structural components such as trailer hitches, tow hooks, spare tire
winches/brackets, and heat shields

+ Spetfying design requirements and functional objectives of components as part of product
developrnent.

+ Leading cross-functional team reetinigs working with systerns Samp; components, advanced
‘manufacturing, service, and functional science teams ta ensure design feasiblity and
requirements compliance.

Coordinating and scheduling design and DVPR milestones ta release components for
production as per program timing.

Collaborating with suppliers with regards to the design and integration of outsourced
components

Root cause issues and pursue corrective actions as per econarnic and production timing
requirements,

Ensuring the engine box design intearity of next-generation dodge rar vehicles by consulting
design requirements,

Mechanical Design Engineer - Power Pack (Contract)
‘ABC Corporation - February 2025 - February 2016
Create technical data packages to support engineering drawing release as per contractual
requirements.
Design irvestrnent cast parts machined parts and welded inseparable assemblies such as
Cooling manifolds, brackets, rad supports and support frames for various automotive
‘plications.
Consuit astm, rll and sae standards for appropriate material selection and test requirements
as pet contract requirements,
Work with SCM ta source and Integrate vendor components Into Subsystem assernblles as per
ddesign-functional requirements,
Support rGarnpid projects and demo bullds catering to the cornpanys competitive bids:
Issue ecos to support legacy programs, update obsolete parts and fo support production
Issues.
Design bulle-to-print parts to replace obsolete vendor parts as required,

EDUCATION

(0 This Fra Resume Taublat is the copyright of Qwakesume com. Usage Guida