54 info@resumekraft.com

Jessica Watson

GRADUATE IN ACCOUNTANCY AND FINANCE

O 202-555-0120 9 Indianapolis, Indiana, US IN linkedin.com/resumekraft

A recent accounting and finance graduate currently working towards completing the remaining ACCA exams
and hence become a chartered accountant. In pursuit of a career in accountancy and future aspirations include
business management. Looking for a role within an organisation that supports professional and personal

development.

SKILLS

 

Dec 2019 - Present

Jul 2018 - Oct 2018

EDUCATION

Sep 2016 - Jul 2019

Sep 2013 - Jun 2016

General Assistant
Tesco

Assisted customers complete purchases by moving heavy items, collecting
payments and bagging purchases.

Collaborated with sales team members to stay current on inventory levels,
complete accurate orders and resolve item issues.

Stocked merchandise, clearly labelling items, arranging according to size or
colour, and preparing attractive displays.

Monitored deliveries by checking merchandise against invoice paperwork and
notifying supervisor of discrepancies.

Delivered an exceptional level of service to each customer by listening to
concerns and answering questions.

Warehouse Operative
Boohoo

Unloaded cargo, maintaining clean, safe, and organised warehouse.
Observed operations to verify quality and conformity of packaged products,
stepping in to resolve issues promptly and avoid costly production errors.
Sorted, graded and inspected products and actively monitored production
line.

Contributed to team success by completing jobs quickly and accurately.
Effectively communicated with all levels of staff and management, despite
barriers such as language.

BA (Honours) Accounting and Finance

San Jose State University
Courses covered and ACCA title exceptions:

Audit and assurance,Financial Management, Financial reporting, Performance
Management,Taxation, Accountant in business, Management Accounting,
Financial Accounting, Corporate and Business Law.

A/AS-Levels

Northeastern University
A Level: History, Economics