JASON ELAN

1555 APPLE TREE LANE | CITY, STATE, 55555 | 555.555.5555 | EMAIL ADDRESS.

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
DISTRIBUTION, TRANSMISSION, POWER SYSTEMS

Engineering professional with demonstrated sills and experience In electrical network and power
systems engineering along with comprehensive knowledge of designing, developing and maintaining
electial systems to meet required specifications, including performance, economy, safety, reliably,
quality and sustainability,

 

Proactively takes the iniative to dive projects that increase organizational effectiveness, improve
system performance, and boost operational euput.

Strong stategeplonning, analytical, and project management competencies with focus on achieving
Geadlnes and maintaining highest quality performance Slid work ethic with capacity to funetion well
under pressure and display high level f competence ina rapidly evolving work environment.
Established track recordin effectivaly coloboratng vith Key stakeholders, including engineering,
design, and facility operations regarding project deliverables.

 

 

 

Driven, energetic and know as an exallentproblem-solver and a professional with proven abity 0
hitthe ground running and ake the initiate ina collaborative team enviconment.

Technical sls: MS Office, Cyme PSAF, CymDIST, Cyme TCC, EMTP.RV, C+, Labview, Ladder,
MATLAB/Simlink, PL-Pr0.

Fluentin French,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NAME OF COMPANY, CITY, STATE 2013~ Present
Process Engineer

Proulde process engineering expertise within pulp and poper Industry. Provide process contol and elecvical
‘engineering support to Operations ond Maintenance. Ensure compliance of oll engineering actvties with
‘governmental regulations end standard operating. procedures. Superse and coordinate execution ond
construction atts. Accountable feral work lated to Process Infoemotion Management System, Advonced
Process Contro, Distributed Control System and Programmable Lope Controllers.

Closely collaborate with key intemal stakeholders, including production and maintenance
departments to define the scope of work and ensure timely project deliverables.

Effectively manage eradleto-qrave project Ieyeles on sal, medium and large complex projects,
Including controling and opting projects.

Perform risk management functions, manage change requests, formulate acon plans, monitor
«quality, and ensure timely project completion.

Conceptuslized, defted, developed, and implemented Standing Operating Procedures (SOPs) for
company.