Innovative, Strategic-Thinker, and Decisive Leader who takes calculated risk
HIGHPOINT, ALLEGAN, MI 37774
555.564.3864 | LEGARY@YAHOO.COM

 

GLOBAL PMO DIRECTOR

Assuring the skillful maneuver of team power players in implementing best PPM, PMP, and PM practices through the
latest and most effective PMO strategies — Respected and admired mastermind!

For 15 + years, raised the bar higher, designed deliberate objectives and framework for solid portfolio
management, saving at high-risk multimillion-dollar projects, and mining for organizational value. Through
problem foretelling distinction, infectious optimism, ingenuity, and a bird’s-eye view—ensured consistency in
adapting best methodologies, elevating project management for several organizations. Energized
project/program managers as_a partner and bridged gaps between diversified branches, advancing PM
standards—curtailing project derailments— meeting stakeholder, client, and business expectations.

Portfolio Prioritization
Resource Planning
Strategy & Execution
PMO/PM Budgeting
Risk Management
Methodology Development

PM Tool Development
Technology Upgrades
Process Standardization
Financial Reporting
Methodology Implementation
Project/Feedback Tracking

Business Strategy/Goals
Global Team Leadership
Global Change Management

Stakeholder Commitment
Qualitative Analysis
Organizational Culture

 

EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP PROJECT PORTFOLIO GOVERNANCE TECHNICAL MANAGEMENT

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

Played center role in the salvaging of a $19M-dollar project with
Dallas Fort Worth Airport.

Directed Global PMO in North,
Central, and South America with

— Coordinated communications, sustaining timelines and
eradicating unnecessary cost.

Sculpted and solidified a global leadership reputation.
— Diagnosed communication conflicts due to cultural differences.
Counseled and unified executive teams across continents.

Shared best practices with leaders in the New York Port authority
project for the Kennedy, LaGuardia, and Newark airports.
— Played architect: Analyzed, designed, and implemented

$15M/year in consulting services.
PMM featured in the nationally
published, Harold Kersner’s Project
Management and Best Practices.
Developed PMI training for 100+
project managers/supervisors.

Saved 70% of 100+ at-risk projects
via with budgets exceeding $100M.

business processes, procedures, and new policies.

EXPERIENCE & MILESTONES
PMO Director, COMPANY, Allegan, MI 2008 to 2010

Leading global supplier and largest manufacturer of over-the-counter prescription/pharmaceuticals with
market and facilities in the Unites States, Israel, Mexico, and the United Kingdom.
Empowered and mobilized project managers through innovative, exemplary, and reliable direction.
Nurtured an idea-sharing environment, encouraging and embracing both positive and skeptical input in
order to brainstorm best practices, harvest resources, and plant new seeds for ongoing organizational growth.
— Helmed and synergized the efforts of an international team and completed the SAP documentation
system development/implementation within only 10 months.
— Soared company-wide efficiency by championing the global-wide technical upgrade to SharePoint 2007
and to Outlook 2007, enabling an inceptive synchronized international calendar.