ETL Developer/SQL Developer ec ccimadivon

Ema: olocquilresume.com
Website: uunw.qwikrestme.cmt

ROBERT SMITH Linkedin: linkeda.com/qwikrestime
‘Address: 1797 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

Over 10 years of experience In Information Tectmology with a strong background in Database
development and Data warehousing and nearly 8 years af experience in ETL process using
Informatica Power Center, Good knowledge of Data warehouse concepts and prineiples,

Skills
sal.

Work Experience
ETL Developer/SQL Developer

‘ABC Corporation - June 2005 - January 2007

Responsibilities Involved In full life cycle development including Desigh, ETL strategy.
troubleshooting Reporting. and Kdenilying facts and dimensions,

Prepared the requited application design documents based on functionality required Designed
the BTL processes to load data from Oracle, Flat Files (Fised Width), and Excel les to staging
database and [rom staging to the target Oracle Data Warchouse database.

Involved tn cleansing and extraction af data and defined quality process lor the warehouse.
Documented ETL test plans, test cases, test senipis, test procedures, assumplions, and
valldations based on design specifications for unit testing, system tesling, expected results,
[preparing test data and loading for testing, error handling and analysts.

‘Strong Experience on writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures in Oracle Databases,

Developed shell scripts, SQL procedures, for ereating/dropping af table and indexes of
performance for pre and post session management,

(Created documentation on mapping designs and ETL. processes

 

ETL Developer
‘ABC Corporation - 2002 - 2005
© SummarySEW Infrastructure Lid, thas diversified tnio construction like lined! irgation cana,
dams ct.
+ has Implemented Oracle e-business solutions.
© They were maintaining thelr nancial data in Tally over the years
‘The project invalved extracting the data rom embedded database and loading it unto Oracle e
Business sulle
Roles & Responstbllties Complex Businicss Rules are Implemented to kdently error records
Developing ETL transformations Writing Procedures, Functions, and Queries as per
requirement
‘Customer interaction for requirement analysts for designing reports using SSRS Application
development required by Customer for interfacing with seripts fr C¥.oet.
Handling issues raised by clients in Production Suppor! environment Preparing test scripts
and reviewing the lest resulls and Tuning of the mappings to exhance the perlarmance
Corporate Computer Solutions Environment SQL Server 2008, SSIS, SSAS, SSIES Windows XP.

Education