ROBERT SMITH
SQL Server BI Developer (SQL/SSIS/SSRS)

-E-mall infowgwikresume-com Phone: (0123)-56.709
SUIS

‘SQL Server BI Developer with 6 years of experience in the Healthcare domain, Experience in Database
Design, Programming, Developmen, and Implementation of Client-Server Applications & Dathase
systems using MSSQL Experienced in Installing Upgrading andl Configuring of Microsolt SQL-Server and
Databases. Proficient in SQL Server and T-SQL (DDI-and DML.) inconstructing Tables, Normalization
techniques on database Tables

 

 

  

 

ries (SSRS

 

Datu Warchouse Tools, SQL. Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL- Reposting SSM,

‘HusinessInelligence Developmen! Studio, DTS, Lkerprise Manager, SQL Profile.

COE ATNE

‘SQL Server BI Developer (SQLISSIS/SSRS)
Inventive Health ~Fanuary 2013 Present

+ Involving in requirement gathering, anslis, implementation, development and prediction

“Creating dynamic quetis toperfoa I: operations by looping through multiple database vrvers
sl tables.

‘+ Importing and extracting data rom various sources such as Hat ile, acess, SQL server and loaded
those data into SQL server to bull various repos

+ Designing and developing the various analytical reports om mulkiple data Yources by blending data
‘om asingle worksheet in taleau deskaop.

‘+ Teublethooting SSIS packages and migration procedures and documenting the complex SSIS
packages and migration procedures.

4 SQL. server datahate modeling, design andl development with complex sql scripts, tors procedure,
‘views, defined functions, niggers.

“Designing and developing the mappings to load the data from flat iets SQL. server ables for
epoming purposes

  

SQL Server BI Developer
‘ARC Comp - 2012-2013,

 

+ Involved in creating reports, creating stored procsdires and improving quer’ perfomance

4 Developed stored procedures and views for data impor and manipulation,

‘+ Exper in extracting and transforming data using DTS in SOI. server, SSIS in SQL

4+ Restricted data for particular users using row level secutly and used ker.

4 Iavobied in the migration of databases rom SQL. Server 2008 to SQL. Server 2012 using SSIS and
third-party tools of pragmatic work Dishan,

‘+ Involved in designing developing and testing ofthe ETT. (extract, transformation, and load) strateyy
to populate the data from various source systems feeds using SSIS,

(© Thi se Resume Templates he eepyrgh of Opies: cm, Lag Gulins