ROBERT SMITH

Junior Information Technology Specialist

info@qwikresume.com | Linkedin Profile | Qwikresume.com

bright talented and ambitious Junior Information Technology Specialist with 3
strong technical background who possesses self-discipline and the ability to work
with the minimum of supervision. Having exposure to a wide range of technologies &
able to play a key role in diagnosing hardware and software problems and to ensure
the quality solutions meet business objectives,

EXPERIENCE

Junior Information Technology Specialist
‘ABC Corporation - JULY 2016 - PRESENT

Notifying appropriate programming and maintenance personnel it
tunable to locate and correct catise of detected application/hardware
error or failure.

Directing training ar trains staff in the operation of computers and
peripheral equipment.

Undertaking other proper measures to contro] access to data stored
in or produced by the computer.

Providing or developing instruction manuals to assist users in
efficiently performing their duties.

Monitoring computer operations at remote sites in person as necded
and by telephone.

Meeting with knowledgeable persons in the organizational units
Involved to resolve prablems and determine specific output-and other
requirements.

Evaluating the information system for current effectiveness and
recommending revisions te increase efficiency or to meet
organizational units current and projected needs,

Associate Information Technology Specialist
‘ABC Corporation - APRIL 2014 - JULY 2016

Incorporated necessary program/system modifications into a program
management plan, made minor changes in output content or format
through queries and notified appropriate personnel of approved major
changes to the system,

Responsible for development of templates and research of current
revisions in nextgen.

Responsible for ensuring that all staff is properly trained on the EMR
system,

Ordered, installed and configured new software and hardware patts.
Responsible for tacking up and restoring company information
Installed and configured new technology equipment.

Monitored network performance, executed desktop and laptop
maintenance tasks.

‘© THs me Resume Template Isthe copytight of Qwikrasume.com, Usage Gude lines