RICHARD VASSOR

= Denver, Colorade 80127
303-855-1212 support @ resumeedge.com

 

 

SALES PROFESSIONAL

(Client Relations ~ Negotiations ~ Inside & Outside Sates

 

Dynamic and results-oriented with a successful track recordin the industrial sales industry and a
desire to move into pharmaceutical sales. Articulate and persiasive in dealing with all levels of
‘management, peers, staff, and a diverse clientele. Consistently meets and excoods corporate sles
goals, while also mentoring staff to improve customer satisfaction. Special abilities inattention to
detail, decision-making, organization, and marketing plans. Willing to tvel

CAREER ACCOMPLISHMENTS TRENT CORPORATION

‘Outside Sales

‘+ Insix months achieved an 80% overall sales increase in accounts excluding the Mohaysk-Karastan
‘national contact that Trent Corporation previously lost, with his account representing 59% ofthe
territory's revenue

+ Retained 80% of Mohavsk-Karastan business through ereative marketing plans.

‘Selected to attend and successfully completed company"s prestigious outside sales
‘nainee program,

 

 

 

management

Inside Sale

+ Chosen to manage VIP cliems including APV Baker and E |. Dupont representing annual revenues of
S2million,

‘+ Led inside sles stain monthly gross profit and total sles

+ Increased total monthly gross profit by 249% in seven months

PROFESSIONAL EXP! E

‘TRENT CORPORATION, Denver, Colorado 1999 Present
Sales Professional, Outside Sales (2001-Present)

Inside Sales (2000-Present): Corporate Trainee (1999-2000)

Recognize by company for outstanding sales sevice an consistent leadership in eaching company goal
‘Chosen o be a corporate trainee.

Taught Intradiction fo Distribution Class to branch exnployees.

‘Completed training in ll phases of business, inlufing operations, pretuct ines, sles, an ditbuton.
Traveled to numerous branches 1 assis with sales-relate issues,

“Market testy for ner sles representative; develope improvements to cold-aling technique

“Mined sales opportunities by conducting onsite surveys with consamers,

Additional Experience as a Collections Manager and Collector for Industrial Acceptance Corporation
in Denver, Colorado

EDUCATION

COLORADO CITY COLLEGE, Denver, Colorado
Bachelor of Arts in Psychology, English Minor, 1996