Robert Smith

Lead/Senior Civil Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT
Most recént experiences Include structural design for various Interior and
‘exterior tenant improvement projects, seismic analysis and retrofit for

existing structures, and various equipment anchorage projects for
commercial facies,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Lead/Senior Civil Engineer
Weldlinger Associates - 2009 - 2020
Responsibilities:

+ Performed static or dynamic SDOF analysis on steel, reinforced CMU,
concrete, and wood structures under ATFP blast loads resulting in more
efficlent structural material use,

+ Calculated concrete, and steel connections In accordance with ACI318
and AISC LRFD design methodologies to meet ATFP criteria and blast
load dernands.

+ Determined quantity. distance sling for explosive processing plants
leading to an efficient and safety-orlented siting of facilites.

+ Generated project basis of desian documents, edited specications, and
prepared reparts for project propasals and subrnttals

+ Assisted architects and contractors in DoD Military Construction siting
and blast-resistant design to meet UFC building codes on
Antiterroris/Force Protection (ATFP) projects.

+ Made frontend interactions with clients directly on self-managed ATFP
projects through in-person meetings and conference calls, gave client
presentations, and attended networking expos.

* Participated in construction support including determining solutions to
Unplanned construction obstacles resulting In a more strearnlined
process for cents,

Senior Civil Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2012
Responsibifties:
‘+ Undeground pipe deign and coordinations, drainage desig and
calculations, road design and calculation,
+ Drainage design, underaroun pipe design and calculations.
+ Underground coordinator.
+ Inthe office of Regional Comnmitige for Central Planning Duties Advise
{and assist government and public offices in the region in drafting the
annual
* ofthe region for planning Participate in identification, appraisal and
programming of new projects for the region.
+ Front-end engineering design of grading and drainage for this 2000-acre
crude refinery project containing process units of modular design
* Work included determination of civil design criterla and development pr
preliminary grading and drainage, and demolition design drawings.

(2 Ths Ee Resume Temlate the copyright of Qukesurne cor. Usage Gustine

CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marstuille Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7@90

Infowquikresurne.com
ww wqwikresume.com

SKILLS

Enercalc, MathCAD, MS
Word, MS Excel, MS
Powerpoint, BlastX,
SEEDS, AutoCAD.

LANGUAGES

English (Netive)
French (Professional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

Climbing
Snowboarding
Cocking
Reading

REFERENCES

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Narne)