ASHTON RYDER

1 Main Sweet, New Gityand, CA 91010 || C: (55) 322-7327 | example-emali@example com

 

‘Summary

‘Accomplished Salesperson with superior work ethic and creative revenue generation ideas, Offers 10+ years
‘experience in diverse sales environments including lawn equipment and clothing. Able to work independently
and exceed sales goals consistently,

 

 

 

 

Highlights
Outgoing people person Business development
Customer service mindset + Koy relationship management
+ Profciont salesperson + Exceptional networker and negotiator
+ Revenue generation ideas + Consutatve seer
Marketing and merchandising + Discerning eye for det
Experience
Salesperson 1072040 te Current
Wiliams Garden Center New Cityland, CA
‘+ Primaly sella equipment suchas dain lawn mowers.
‘Maintain thorough and updated knowledge of equipment and product offerings as well as promations.
+ Explain equipment operation, mainlenance dels, and special ips for use
+ Upseltwarrantes and accessories consstemly to maximize revenue opportunites,
Network effectively wih customers, increasing reeras by 20% over vee years,
‘+ Eamed three Top Seller recognitions for exceeding sales goals.
Salesperson 0272007 to 09/2010
Men's Depot New Cityland, CA

'* Observed customers and listened closely to questions to ascertain best clothing options and made
recommendations accordingly

Assisted customers with trying on tems and brought addtional tems as requested,

‘Suggested accessories and matching clothes to increase purchases,

Kept clothing racks neatly organized and fully stocked.

‘Merchandised sales racks to inerease customer engagement and store revenue.

Placed special orders for out of stock items or unique sizes.

Salesperson (08/2003 t0 01/2007
Moody's Clothing ‘New Cityland, CA
‘+ Greeted every customer with a smile, friendly conversation, and offer of assistance to enhance customer

‘experience and buying opportunities.

Presented flattering tems based on customer preferences.

Answered questions regarding promotions and clothing items.

Monitored trends and provided information to customers to maximize purchases.

Cleaned and organized salestoor frequently to present optimal buying environment to customers,