Phone: (123) 156 78.99
mall: infoqwilresimecom
Wetstte: won qukresuime.com
ROBERT SMITH Linkedin: linkedin com /qveresuine
Address: 1737 Marsfle Road.

Alabama

Senior ETL Developer

Objective

‘Senlof ETL Developer with over 12 years of [experience in analysts, design, development, and
Implementation of software applications in data warehousing, Expertence in Designing, developing,
data conversion/data integration modules to suppart large-scale system migrations and
Implementations

Skills

ETL Toole: Informatica PowerCenter Information Metadata Manager Databases: Oracle MS SQL
Server 2008 Modeling Tools: Visio Scheduling Tools: TIDAL, Autoeys Languages C++, lava, Visual
Basie, SQL, PL/SQL. Unix Shell Scripting. OBIEEE Operating System: Windows UNDX office
Applications: MS-Ofiie Other Tools: SQL Loader. TOAD 7.6, SQ. Plus, SQL Assistant, Putty.
Orbium

Work Experience

Senior ETL Developer

Ge Capital Treasury, CT ~ September 2012 Present
© ExtensWely worked on understanding the business requirements, data modeling. and ETL,
+ Developing ETL serps to extract and cleansing data from SQL: databases,
Generating the required metadata atthe source side, the Informatica mappings.
Have prepared the impact analysis document and high-level design for the requirements
Involving in performance tuning by collecting statisties and observing explain plan,

© Carnying out performance tuning both on Informatica side and database side

© Involving in the analysis, requirements gathering and documentation of functional &amp:
technteal specifications,

Sr. ETL Developer

‘ABC Corp - 2007-2012

Developed, designed. tuned and maintained the SSIS packages to perform the ETL process.

© Designed sind developed the SQL Server stored procedures, functions, views, and triggers to be
‘used during the ETL process

+ Performed data profling and source ta target mappings (while capturing ETLand business
‘metadata for populating Kimball style dimensional models.

+ Wrote scripts for automated testing of data tn the target facts and dimensions.
Captured audit information during all phases of the ETL process.
\Wrote and maintained the documentation of the ETT. processes via process flow dlagrame.

© Designed, developed and tested data conversion /data integration morules to support large
fseale eystem migrations and! Implementations,

Education

Tech in Evaluation & Feedback System - June 2004 to May 2007(Kurukshetra Untveretty }
Bachelor Of Technology - (Kurukshetra University. ~ Kurukshetra, HARYANA, IN)

(tha Free Resume Tesla she copy of teesnasecom Uae Caldeinee