Robert Smith

Apparel Sales Associate II

PERSONAL STATEMENT
Excellent verbal and written communication sklls. Good organizational
stills and abilty to multitask. Strong leadership, administrative, and
organizational skills. Exceptional Interpersonal skills and ability to work with
people from all backgrounds. Abilty to work well within a tearn and
Individually. Rellable, resourceful, hard warking, long terrn employee,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Apparel Sales Associate Il
‘ABC Corporation - September 2012 - October 2014
Fesponsibilties:
* Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.
* Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of
merchandise to customers,
+ Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on
customer needs and desires.
+ Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or
credit payment,
+ Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise
+ Maintain knawledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding
payment and exchanges, and security practices,
+ Place special orders or call other stores to find desired iter.

Apparel Sales Associate
‘Walmart 2007 - 2012
Responsibilties:
+ My job requires me to answer any questions customers may have, and
tobe of any help to them.
+ While doing my jab; to neatly put away any clothing, by color andi size
fon shelves, ar end caps,
Fold clothes and towels and put thern in thelr department.
+ Do have store opening and closing experience, as well as being an
overnight stocker
+ Am cashler trained in my job, | scan customers products.
+ Ama backup cashier when needed.
+ Know how to set up modulars for products.

Education

High Schoo! Diploma - 2012(Lamar Consolidated High School -
Rosenberg, TX)

(2 Ths Ee Resume Temlate the copyright of Qukesurne cor. Usage Gustine

CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marstullle Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7890
Infoequikresume.com
wwweqwikresume.com

‘SKILLS

Journalism, Spanish,
Dance, Broadcasting, 3
Years OF Art, Speech,
Child Development,
Automotive, Health,
Business Managment.

LANGUAGES:

English (Netive)
French (Frofessional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

irabing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)