Business Analyst Resume

Senior Business Analyst
Alanis, GA ~ Email me on Indeed: indeed comiBusiness Analyst: ResumelbcfaNtsset003e2t
Please email your requirements to karuna@premiartsolns com [..]

RESUME OF SULAKSHANA

+ 7+ years of[T experience as a Business Analyst in deployment of web-based. Client-Server applications,
developing business processes and system solutions for Banking and Financia! Industries for various projects
‘rom conceptuslizaton to implementation

+ Excellent technical wring sil to create Business Requirements Document (BRD), Functional Specifeations
Document (FSO), Nonfunctional Requirements Document and Use Cases Specifications.

+ Strong process modeling using UML (Use Cases, Sequence Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, eto.)

+ Strong in wring SQL queries and reporting the results tothe business team,

+ Strong Requirement Traoesbilty Matrix mapping

+ Excellent Team player to work in conjunction with testers (QA). developers and other team members in
validation and testing of complex project scenarios and in the maintenance of Quality Standards of projects

+ Experience with Web Development E commerce projets

+ Excellent conceptual and working knowledge of System Development Life Cycle, RUP, OO Models and UML
Methodologies.

+ Fluentin a broad range of technologies, including business process tools such as MS Project, Excel, Access,
Visio.

+ Experience working in CMMI, ITIL and Six Sigma methodologies.

«Have experience with various defect tracking tools: Quality Center, ClearQuest

+ Experience in Requirement Analysis, AD sessions, Business and Systems reviews and working sessions
to understand the requirements and system design.

+ Strong databace integration experience. Worked on analyzing data needs idantiying relational datsbases
‘and coordinating the modeling.

+ Well versed in Requirements/Change Management, Impact Analysis and Gap Analysis.

+ Interviewed SMEs and Stakeholders to get a better understanding of client business processes and gather
business requirements,

+ Strong Analytical and Problem Solving skils, Mu-Taskingabilties, with proven experiance in utifzing people
and process knowledge to assist enterprises in making crcl decision

WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Business Analyst

PayPal - La Vista, NE - August 2011 to Present

PayPal is 2 global e-Commerce business allowing payments and money transfers to be made through the
internet. Online money transfers serve as electronic alternatives to paying with traditional pspermathods, such
_as checks and money orders.