ROBERT SMITH
Staff Accountant

en dO qutimncccom hs i da

Professional Staff Accountant with 15 years experience suppeting CEO/Owners with environments such as
Serviceand Financial industries. Sincere, loyal and dedicated individual, A well wmded finance
‘professional with an in-depth understanding of the financial repoting asset valuations, fupd accounting.
‘budgeting, financial analysis, and other earporte finance areas. am available and eager to apply my
sedicition, strong analytical, quantitative and interpersonal skis toa Finaee/ Accounting positon.

SKILLS

‘Quickhnooks, Excel, Word, Accpae; Powerpoint, Access, Peachtree Accounting, ADP, Paychex

WORK EXMERIENCE

Staff Accountant
[ABC Coxponation -Febmvary 2010 ~ Present

+ Muintuining accounts receivables preparing invoices posting receipts, creditcard transactions,
collection calls and leners, sunning AVR aging reperts und analysis.

* Maintaining accounts payables matching purchase orders to the job, pesing payadles, preparing
checks for payments, calling vendors for credit adjustments, maintaining credit applications and
limits, collecting lien waives, collecting and verifying the certificate of insurance, running A/P
aging reports an analysis.

+ Managing payroll functions collecting, reviewing und entering employees dily time for jb costing,
job scorecard und labor tracking.

+ Preparing bi-weekly payroll, making 941,940, state and city tax deposits

* Maintaining employee files, maintaining W-4, MO-4, and 1-9 forms and reporting, muntaining and
reviewing H2B documentation.

+ Preparing monthly and quarts payroll tux eports, verifying snd preparing annul payroll tx
seis aed W-2s,

Reviewing all insorance policies annually and consider addtional bids as the nee ruins,

Accountant
"ABC Corporation - January 2001 ~ March 2007

1 Managed fied assets which include entries for espitaizing disposing and updating depreciation
schedule along with PA register

* Muintaned fixed asset schedules andl deprecation reports for finaneial and ax reporting.

‘Maintained all cash accounts monthly bank recopeilition, line of ere, credit card transactions ant
reconsilitions and cashflow projections.

‘+ Maintained, reviewed and prepared daily, monthly and anal division snd consolidated financial
statements (balance sheet, income statement, and cashflow statement).

1 Managed, analyzed and reported to department heads profitability and variances,

(© This seems Tamla he copy of Qwitrwme com, Las Gals