RICHARD JONES

Architect
9 Wall St, New York, 10005, USA

890-555-0401 example@email.com
Date oP Meth sciscsaesanmeiancattassueaaamnnneneeseas WOY20/03 Paseo butt cic: sanananseieississanconaceeiaiaaeaaaa New York
Nationality ........ 0000.00 c cece cece cece e tence eens American Driving license ......0... 00000 cece cece cece ce eeneeeees Full
LINKS
Linkedin
PROFILE

“A professional, creative and innovative Architect with 10 years experience. I provide best-fit architectural solutions for 5
projects a year with an average budget of $10 million. Technology consultation, assisting in defining scope and sizing of
work, support opportunity identification and pursuit processes are the essential parts of my role as an Architect. I have

professional communication skills to interact with all levels of management and clients”.

EXPERIENCE

ee Senior Architect, Equifax 020.0... 0c cece cc ev cece ee eeeeeeeeetetretevuneneerees Feb 2014 — Present

: . : : . : : . New York
As an Architect, Iam a creative and innovative problem-solver. My primary focus is to realize the vision or our

clients.

e Assist the client with review and approval of contractor's submittals

e Apply knowledge of relevant International Regulations regarding the design of projects

e Perform operational support and analysis for an assigned area

e Participate in the development of specifications, policies, and procedures for the assigned area

e Ensure that architectural design work is organized with project staff

e Apply engineering disciplines by keeping clear and frequent communication

e Review projects to ensure that applicable codes, standards, and procedures are followed and that quality
is satisfactory

e Provide oversight in the development of required project scopes and cost estimates for construction
contract purposes

e Prepare estimates for fees and construction contracts

e Provide technical and administrative guidance to colleagues in preparing construction drawings and
specifications

e Seek new work by marketing and giving presentations

e Prepares and provide high-level briefs to senior leadership

ee Architect, Planate ManagementGroup __........ 0. ccc c ccc ceceevceeeecees Apr 2009 - Feb 2014

New York
Under the supervision of the Senior Architect, I created and implemented 20 innovative high-quality solutions owner

per year. I led and participated in 3 sales projects per month (projects with a budget of up to $2 million) and met
2 potential clients a month.

e Provide technical review and oversight of the design-build process for new projects

e Ensure that designs are within federal and local codes concerning health, safety, and environment of real
property facilities

e Study and recommends equipment and design solutions for various projects

e Oversee various stages of the construction process

e Troubleshoot multiple issues and suggest solutions to problems

e Develop and prepare reports and records relating to particular assignments or projects

© Confer with other staff members to coordinate departmental efforts

e Support department procedures to provide effective coordination between departments