MILLY ELLISON

27 Colmore Row, Birmingham, England B3 2EW | | C: 07956 654 32 | example-email@example.com

 

 

Summary

 

Dependable and hard-working Construction Labourer with more than seven years in the construction
industry. Excels in a fast-paced environment and works to complete projects quickly and efficiently. Safely
operates and manoeuvers a diverse range of heavy duty construction equipment.

 

Highlights

 

Plumbing

Carpentry expertise

Accurate measurements and estimates
Residential construction

Demolition

Exceptional problem solver
Blueprint reading

Construction machinery operation
Strong communication skills
Excellent driving record

 

Experience

 

Construction Laborer 04/2012 to Current

Carter Construction New Cityland, CA

Complete indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction projects.

Install and repair roofs, flashings, and surfaces.

Remove old roofing materials in an efficient manner.

Perform heavy labor such as ditch digging, paving, and hauling,

Mentor junior team members, providing guidance on proper techniques and safety.

Repair, rebuild, and install tile, brick, and stone surfaces.

Construction Laborer 06/2009 to 03/2012

Top Line Construction New Cityland, CA

Mixed mortar, plaster, and grout according to standard formulas.

Continually cleaned work areas and equipment.

‘Swept and cleaned roofs to prepare them for the application of new roofing materials.

Cut materials to specified sizes for installation using power saws and tile cutters.

Painted walls, exteriors, and interiors of buildings and furniture using brushes, rollers, and spray guns

Hoisted tar and roofing materials onto roofs.

Construction Laborer 09/2006 to 05/2009

Hankins Construction and Demolition Company New Cityland, CA
+ Erected, repaired, and wrecked buildings and bridges as part of large crew.

Built and disassembled scaffolds, bracing, and barricades.

Assisted skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough and finish carpentry.

Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards.

Caulked pipe joints to properly seal them.

Transported materials, tools, and machines to job sites.