Robert Smith hone (128) 456 7899

mall Infocuvikresume,com
Website : wou, quikrestime, com
Linkedin: linkedin.corn/quikresume
‘Address; 1737 Marshullle Road, Alabarna

 

Associate Accountant

SUMMARY

Degreed Associate Accountant with 5 plus years of experience in tax compliance, accounts
payable, bank reconailations, and fixed assets. Successful coordination of deadline-oriented
projects among various departments and staff levels. Hard-working, dedicated tearn player with
the ability to blend analysis, problem-solving, and organization to produce effective results.
Extensive experience in SAP FICO and Bl reporting modules MS Excel Viookups, pivot tables,
{otrmulas ONESOURCE 1099 ProSystem, Tax ProSystem, Responding to IRS notices and requests,
Meating urgent deadlines, euilding relationships.

SKILLS

‘Advance Knowledge In Microsoft Excel And Microsoft Office Suite, NetSuite Accounting System,
Institutional Accounting System, CashFra Financial Systern, QuickBooks Fro, Bloomberg, DATATEL
Colleague, Concur And Outlook,

WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Accountant
ABC Corporation - September 2013 - Present
Collecting funds and daly reports for deposits frorn the box office, and developrnent
departments,
Preparing daily deposits by calculating and entering verified daily totals (cash, checks, credit
cards) into spreadsheet(s) reporting system.
Communicating effectively and efficiently with all levels of management by telephone andor

email
Receiving and opening Incorning railed receipts and rmatching receipts to completed dally
deposits,

Reconciling monthly financial reports for recelpts issued through the student accounting
department

Working with payroll contacts to coordinate payroll deductions, new rember Inforrnation,
corrections, updates, and changes.
Communicating with members and staff regarding transactions releting to accounts,

Accountant
‘ABC Corporation - june 2013 - August 2013,
Processed and balanced dally ACH flleto Include edits, posts, returns, and exceptions.
Updated and managed the finance section of the SharePoint site using HTML,
Prepared forms and manuals for accounting and bookkeeping personnel, and directed thelr
work activities,
Developed, Implemented, rocified, and documented recordkeeping and accounting systems,
‘making use of current computer technology.
Represented clients before taxing autharities and provide suppert during tigation involving
Financial issues,
‘Advised management about Issues such as resource utllzation, tax strateales, and the
{assumptions underlying budget forecasts
This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current roe. in
case if you dant need It you can delete it,

(Ths Fre Resume Templat the copyright of Quran com. saga Cubans