Art Salcedo

T0008 Peat Steet, Kelbr. IX 76248
Enuil:_artsulvedo@aa.com Phone (817) 676-4926

 

OBJECTIVE: Seckingemployment in Human Resources rrelted ied where Tean apply my unique combination of
‘education and successfulniltary work experience to enhance a company's overal performance.

SUMMARY: Experience in Human Resource in the United States Air Force and American Airlines to include human
resource systems planning and implementation, job analysis, career counseling, employment relocation, program.
complance and job taining. Expert atmanaging goernment compensation prograns, Excell customer service
communication and writen skis. Proficiem wih Microsoft Office 2010 to include: Word, PowesPoint, Excel Access
and Outlook. Proficient in Peopk Soli, MIPDS, ARMS,TPS and CMS software. Twenty-ane years ofsupervsary
experience.

EXPERIENCE:
Jul 12 Present, Campus Coordinator, American Aitines, DallavFart Wom Aiport, TX

 

+ Workwith manager andl creative services team forthe creation of imitations, correspondence and other materials
necessary foreach college event

Organize tow at DFW for our MBA internship program:

+ Develop meeting and event registration website forthe Professional and College Recruitment team

Maintain and created databases for coll ge recruitment for as
invitation lists, RSVP responses, credential & confimation mailings, rooming Isis, mume badges, ete. As well as
created data merge with Microsoft Word far invitation letter giving ‘a personal touch w each etter

+ Provide documents to hotel and venues on attendance including rooming Ess, meak counts ete for college
‘eonferences and job fais,

Attend and support on sie management of events for MBA, Intemship and Undergrad events

* Coordinate volunteers to assist with Habitat for Humanity andthe North Tarrant Food Bank for our Internship
pe

Process invoices and check requests and wack all expenses for cole

‘and American Airlines Headquarters,

Handle distribution an all incom

Participate an college teamjob fairs and conferences for recruiting plots and college canaldates,

 

   

sned events ineluding but not inited (intial

 

   

 

 

sents atthe schools

 

‘mals and mal for the college team.

 

Maintain insentory of all event promotional items in stock in our storage room.
Order ani research all promotional tems fer college recruitment

Maintain trade show booths and banner stands and ether pronotioal items used by Coll
Responsible for working with department wo determine and order all supplies needed for events inchadng name

badges, tent cards, lanyards, notebocks, foklers, ete

Responsible forall cunddate expense forms anil coordinate, rackand fallny-up with Finunce Department to enstre
Ua cansidates are paid

 

se Recruitment team.

 

 

Jun 11 Jul 2012, Human Resources Assistance, American Aitines, Dallas/Fort Worth Aispart, TX

* Created new processes to enhance Human Resources by organizing. the Chie Officer Operations (COO) process so
thatthe Vie President of DFW Aiport can quickly review important eases presentedto him and make quick
decisions an the aulcome.

+ Created COO checklist that enables Human Resources Specialists o say consistent with the process and improving
the waybusiness i conducted at DFW

* Counsel employees an health benefits, pay issues, travel vacation hours, sick hours, retirement benefits
tunemphoyment benefis, union issues and many oer issues relating to Human Resources

+ Update cases in Case Management Systems so that al managers, Human Resources Specialist, and upper level
managements ae aware of issues pretending to employees,

+ Ulilze Microsoft Office Calendar ‘and note pad to consistently stay organize and track asues pretending to Human
Resources