ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Public Relations Specialist
Phone: (0123)-456 78 | Ema ino@qwhresume.com | Wobste: Qwikresume.com
‘SUMMARY

“The objective isto secure a job in which one can be an invaluable asso! to the company; being
Lutlized ina leadership position helping to achiove team-oriented goals

CORE COMPETENCIES

Microsoft Office, Customer Service, Organizational Skis, Customer Relations, Business
Development, Budgeting, Account Management, Bookkeeping, Biling, Inventory Management,
Project Managment, Intorne! Rasearch, Marketing, Management,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Jr. Public Relations Specialist
‘ABC Corporation - April 2014 - September 2014

 

Key Deliverables:
* Comprehensively interaciod wih pot owners to fuly understand all expectations from a
mining fact,

* Coordinated with business owners io undorsland all services, business needs and match
them to sult possible customers,

* Created a portolo fo show customers at benefits, local veterinarians, and word of mouth
advertising,

*+ Ran the alfica, greeted customers and generated contracts.

+ Bonded with customers to better suit their needs lor their pets and ensure a tongrtasting
pposive impression and interaction with K9 Contol Training,

* Used social media ‘as a form of advertising along wih lyers and sotting up booths at
vents to explain to customers what Ka Contr Training was capable of and thelt goals for
each pat,

+ Helped train rescue shelters 2quo:Ln-trainable Dogs&quat: so that they could find homes
and also put the business name in the minds of potential

 

Public Relations Specialist
ABC Corporation - 2011 ~2014

Key Deliverables:

+ Created company iterature and other forms of commurication designed to mainiain a
favorable pubic mage.

+ Designed and implomened a new tite trang program.

+ Served as company spokesperson fo local madia outlets.

+ Handled all cusiomer complains,

+ Mainiained working rolalonships and made spending decisions with companies such as
Fussell Stovers Candios, Natures Bounty Viamins, Merck and Amarisource Bergen.

+ Tracked orders and sales,

+ Maintained expense reports to meet and manage numerous project budgets.

{2250 Oak Street, Old Fonge, New York, 12420
(© Ths Exes Resume Template s the copyright of Quikresumecom. Uaags Guidelines