‘An experianced software developer with practical knowledge of objectorionted software
‘design, problem solving, implementation and maintonance. | porform effectively both
individually and in toams and have a proven track record in delivering good quality robust
software to deadline.

 

EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS.
[BSc (Hons), * class - Computer Science & Mathematics. Wadham College, Oxtord

 

A’ Levels - Mathematics (A), Physics (8), Chemisty (8), English (C)
GCSES - in 10 subjects. Magdalen College School, Oxfocd

KEY SKILLS / SYSTEMS

Java 6 years experience of Java design. implementation, documentation and
‘maintenance on Windows and Linux, Inluding JDBC, SQL, Swing, RMI, JUnit,
Design Pattems / UML, serets, JSP.

Cetiunix 5 years experience of C++ design and implementation Ina Unix (HP-UX)
envionment, including interfacing to and wating C code. Also 2 years of C
programming in a Unix environment

‘Strengths Skilled and enthusiastic debugger of legacy code.
Experienced in. all stages of the software development life cycle, tom
Fequirements gathering to testing and maintenance.
Equally capable of working in eams or on own intiative.

CAREER HISTORY:
FENDER SOFTWARE GROUP INC Octo4 to date

Java Application Developer

‘+ Part of a 2 - 4 person team implementing a new Java system to replace existing legacy
systems

‘+ Managed persistent data using JDBC interface to SQL Server 2000, as well as the Java
Serialisation scheme

‘+ Wrote extensive user interface using Java's Swing classes.

‘+ Responsibility forall areas of software development life cycle including requirement use cases,
analysis, design, coding, testing, docs and maintenance,

“+ Designed large areas ofthe sysiem using UML class and sequence diagams,

‘+ Fully tested the system using JUnit to specify funcional and unt tet cases.

Java Application Developer

‘+ Part of a 15 person team developing a new product for catalogue sales over the web, using
Java servets, JSP dynamic web pages, and MySQL for data storage.

‘+ Responsible for leading design and development of modules of the product, including
everything from data storage to servlets forthe user interface.

‘+ Particular emphasis paid to design work forthe product, using UM L (Rational Rose) for object-
‘oflented class and sequence diagrams.