Phone Number: +918886057704 ,+918341 843550
Mail ID :sk.nabhi477@gmail.com

‘+ Total 42years out of which 3.3 years of SAP FI/CO experience with good exposure into functional modules -
Financial Accounting (F!) and Controling (CO) with Implementation, support Project.
‘Good understanding of business processes and workflow in the areas of Costing, Finance and Accounts.
Good understanding of business processes and workflow in the areas of Finance and Accounts,

‘+ Studying the eurent processes through detailed discussions with the elients core team.

‘+ Proficit in SAP's ASAP Methodology’ and well versed with business process, mapping & configuration in SAP.

‘+ Configuring General Ledger, Aecounts Receivables and Payables including Excise

‘+ Configuring dunning process & automatic payment program supporttbe bank reconciliation, commitment items

‘+ Steering configuration fr G/L. encompassing framing chan of accounts, acount group and general ledger accounts,
customizing screen layouts, specifying for preparation of balance sheets, te:

‘+ Designing the omzanizaton structure and seting it up in SAP in association with other members from liferent streams
ofthe implementation eam.

‘+ Mapping the processes onto SAP and documenting the toche processes.

‘+ Participated in conceptual design phase in Accounts Payables and Accounts Receivables

‘+ Decent exposure to all popular implementation msthodologies like ASAP.

‘+ Self motivated and consistent performer in achieving targets with timelines, team oriented and easly adaptable to new
ceancepis and ideas

Excellent verbal and wtten communication skills and the ability t communicate efctively with both nontechnical business
users and technical IT developers

 

© Working asa SAP Consultant for Wipro,Hyerabad fiom Jan!3 tll Date

Project Support
Client BAT
Role Team Member

British American Tobacco ple (informally BAT) is a British multinational tobacco company headquartered
in London, United Kingdom. I isthe world's second-largest tobacco company by sales (After Philip Monis International BAT

‘nasa market-leading position in over 50 countries and operations in arund 180 countrie