William Kaye A motivated business analyst with 4+ years of experience. Eager to aid Arkham

Technologies in solving industry problems, as well as crafting and executing strategic
Business Analyst initiatives. In previous roles saved $0.5 million by redesigning a client's data system, and

identified a bottleneck generating 20% loss of revenue.
Personal Info

Experience

2016 - Senior Business Analyst

2017 Xytras Media Inc.
william.kaye@gmail.com + Developed user stories and to-be process flows to support the design and
eer development of Salesforce solutions for the clients.
TarereluReo MUTT CAN} + Worked collaboratively with team members to design solutions that met

clients’ business requirements and fulfill user stories.
* Participated in key meetings with clients including requirement sessions,
system demos, user acceptance testing, and end-user training.

Tg
Tete WAU

Skills * Configured Salesforce and other CRM products (including workflows,
validation rules, and security controls).
Key achievements:

a
2

+ Led a team assigned to a $5M project that delivered an enterprise data
Requirement elicitation (JAD, BRD)
warehouse

* Saved $0.5 million by redesigning a client's data system.
BRMICRM (Salesforce)
2014 - Junior Business Analyst

2016 LaBeouf & Wheaton
Supported the development of sales and operations strategy, setting

cole Ul amelie)

priorities and executing operational plans.
Engaged and worked with 3 aligned teams (sales, account management,
and operations) to more effectively achieve data needs and analysis

TaNcig of resrelnt- USL Sy

results.

Managed 5 concurrent projects and drove them to completion with

Time management minimal guidance.

Drove process improvement and managed all aspects of Salesforce CRM
(incl. workflow, reporting, data integrity, and maintenance).

Key achievement:

* Developed and maintained sales analytics reports and dashboards to
provide actionable insights that support data-driven decision-making for
the sales and executive leadership teams. Identified a bottleneck
generating 20% loss of revenue.

n Cr fe) fe}
BB a ge
5 Ss o ay
ne) = es
5 3 BI
ae
ae he

on

Education
PNeN ere} 2008 BA, Business Economics, University of California, Los
German Angeles UCLA
Es GPA: 3.9
ED Relevant coursework:
InGresis * Economics 106
+ Management 180
Genchi Genbutsu philosophy + English Composition 131B

Running half-marath

Certificates

Business Analytics Certificate—Stanford University

Level 3 Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP)