Billy Taylor Auto Mechanic

PERSONAL STATEMENT

Bily Taylor comes fo you with strong background in diagnosing faults comecty, explaining
mechanical sses to clients, and perfoming physically challenging tasks for extended periods
of fime. He is highly skilled in troubleshooting and repairing of gas diesel and altemate fuel
vehicles. Successfuly maximized perfomance in consistently meeting gools within a rapid-
paced environment; requiring advanced planning, organization, and leadership skis.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE Equipment maintenance
Car Disranting
General Maintenance

WORK EXPERIENCE

Auto Mechanic
Ford Time Motors, Los Angeles,CA  --May 2013 - Present

Responsibilities:

% Responsible for performing oll assigned vehicle repair and maintenance work in
accordance with dealership and factory standards.

Performing preventive maintenance on automobiles.

Preformed overhauls and repairs engines and transmissions.on gas and diesel equioment.

Performed tune-ups and cil changes on vehicles.

Tested vehicle's components systems to determine malfunction.

Repaired, relined, replaced parts, and adjusted brakesto ensure safety.

Checked and run vehicles to guarantee corect working orders:

Wiiting reports about repairs.

Auto Mechanic
‘Alfa Group, Los Angeles, CA = June 2010- May2013

eee e eee

+ Diognosed and reported required repais and scheduled maintenance requirementsto
Service Manager.

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Professional:

+ Brperience operating all ypes of vehicles and transportation equipment.
Trained in electronic diagnostics,

Using gos ond electic welding equipment.

Understanding of computerized repair and testing systems.

Trained fo operate emergency equipment such as fre extinguishers

Performing welding repair to manufacturer's guidelines

Knowledge of equipment inspection procedures.

Licensed to drive a forkl#t tuck.

eee eee

¥ Excelent communications skils.
+ Possessing a valid driving license and a clean record,
¥ Maintaining cooperative working relationships with colleagues.

EDUCATION

Aston College = HIND 2008-2010
Coventry Schodl; © levels Maths (4) English (8) Geography (8) Physics (4)

  

REFERENCES avollable on requett.