Ryan Edward

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT STUDENT

yj OBJECTIVE

| am asophomore student currently studying International Business
Management at San Jose State University. | am capable of working
under pressure and have a high sense of responsibility. | also
possess strong communication and team working skill with a flexible
mindset to adapt to any working environments. | intend to leverage
my knowledge and have the opportunity to develop further in the
customer services field as my future career.

Bi Experience

Nov 2019 - Student ambassador
Present San Jose State University

© Assist Student Recruitment & Institutional
Partnerships and Marketing Departments in
events at BUV and high schools, including
Campus Visit BUV, Mini Info Day, Open Day, high
school proms, Career Fair and Parent Meeting
etc.

Oct 2018 - Co-founder of Modern Books and Action club
Mar 2019 Modern High School

e Encourage reading habit of students.

© Set up projects and voluntary works, for
example: Project "Exchange books for plants"/
Collect waste papers and sell them in order to
create fundraising / Project "Book Review
Contest for Van Giang students".

© Create content for the club's facebook fanpage.

© The club’s fanpage on Facebook nowadays has
more than 2000 likes.

© VGB&A club was the very first club created at
that time and has become the pioneer for the
next generation clubs in Van Giang high school.

Jan 2016 - Secretary of the Great Youth Union
Apr 2019 Modern High School

@ Set up and participate in all school events,
contest, workshop.

© Act as representative of students, take on the
tasks of collecting students’ feedbacks and
giving students’ proposal to the school's
administrators.

© Gain experience in working with other students
and teachers from different high schools as well
as in working with school's partner
organizations.

info@resumekraft.com
202-555-0120 9

Chicago, Illinois, US Q
linkedin.com/resumekraft in

Skills

Project Management
Communication

Time Managemant

 

Teamwork

English Professional
Working Proficiency

Education

Business Management Aug 2019-

San Jose State Present
University

Major: International Business
Management

Top 3 students to get 50% scholarship
award.

Bachelors in Business Sep 2016-
Northeastern May 2019
University