PROPERTY MANAGER

from Resume Genius

 

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE CONTACT
Email: xgray@gmail.com
California-licensed property manager with 15+ years of experience and a Phone: 619 474.047
proven ability to close contracts with both landlords and clients, select ‘Address: 4307 Franklin
professional and cost-efficient contractors, and file accurate taxes. Hold Roosevelt Boulevard, San
certifications from the National Association of Residential Property Diego, CA 92101
Managers and California Real Estate Salesperson License.
SOCIAL
EXPERIENCE
@ sendiegozray
LEASING AGENT / PROPERTY MANAGER ©
, grayproperties
Back To Life, Back To Realty, San Diego, CA / May 2009 - Present
* Liaise between landlords and prospective // actual tenants for a e Xaviergray1978
portfolio of 47 luxury properties owned by 13 landlords, oe grayinca
representing approximately $900,000 in monthly rent and fees.
+ Analyze bids from contractors for provision of property services SKILLS

(i.e. cleaning, maintenance, and security), leading to an average

2.1% year-on-year decrease in expenditure. Intuit QuickBooks

File local and state taxes on behalf of landlords by using Intuit

Access control
QuickBooks, resulting in a 45% lower incidence of tax-related

penalties when compared to California-based competitors. iRealty Manager
ONSITE PROPERTY MANAGER Negotiation
Ellis Bay Towers, Seattle, WA / January 2000 - May 2009 Persuasion
‘© Oversaw maintenance, administration, and improvement of 105 Google Analytics
residential units.
Delegation

* Collected rental fees, deposits, insurance premiums, taxes, and
operating expenses totaling approximately $1.2 million per

month, EDUCATION

+ Met with potential tenants to show properties, explain occupancy

terms, and negotiate rents. REAL ESTATE
Ur Qf Di
‘* Converted approximately 65% of potential tenants to actual tose. ta58 San Diego

tenants (excluding those who failed background and credit
checks).

+ Supervised a staff of 12 full- and part-time employees, including
concierge and security personnel.