Health Advocate Phone: (123) 45678 99

Ema: olocquilresume.com
Website: uunw.qwikrestme.cmt

ROBERT SMITH Linkedin: linkeda.com/qwikrestime
‘Address: 1797 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

Experienced healtheare professional with 18 years af customer service, strong leadership and
management skills. Certfcale af completion obtained in Six Sigma (Green Bel), Extensive
Jnnowledge of Diagnosis-relaied Group (DRG), Ambulatory Payment Classlleation (APC), Healtheare
‘Commion Procedure Coding System (HCPSC), HMO's, Managed Care. CMS and Hospital
[Reimbursement Methodology Thorough Knowledge of Independent Physicians Assoclales (PA), self
Junded, fully insured plans, Commercial Plans and Third Party Billing

Skills

Leadership & Training. Gamma Cameras, EPIC Library Werld, Mindbody Online:

Work Experience

Health Advocate
‘ABC Corporation - 2012-2013
+ Managed accounts to resolve mulliple payers Issues, problematic and special accounts, credit
balance, and refunds,
Researched and Investigated relevant claim and billing lasues related to payment, denials,
adjustment errors, and mlsrouted payment,
+ Reviewed, planning documents and contracted ta determine the best course of action Vertly
Insurance eligilly, bevels, co-pay collections, patient responsibly. and pre-cerillealion.
+ Negollated Consumer/Member Medical Claims with Healtheare Providers.
+ Developed and implemented balance seitlemens calling providers for detalled information
‘regarding possible payment terms, and documenting any savings
+ Matniained a solid felationship wilh customers, providers, interval stall, and management.
* Documented claim fle actions ard telephone conversations appropriately

Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2003 2008
+ Responsible for assisting callers in fixing out information about what types of benefits thelr
Insurance plans cover
© Help customers losate doctors that are in network under thelr insurance plan and also to
sels them in understanding thelr insurance claims and
+ Skalls Used quality customer service, computer sls.
* Tasks performed Answer the phone lines, assist with benefis, claims, and eligibility questions
any members have.
Coordinate healthcare related services and negotiate ees with heallheare providers Effectively
‘educate patients on health promotion and disease
Provide services to low income lamilies, and children.
+ Provide health education, 1am a link to provide valuable community resources, provide’ health
education classes, sereenings, assist with Rnding a

Education

High Schoo! Diploma

(Tas Pree Resume Template bse copyright of Qutkretmesom. Grate Guldaines