‘SQL Server Developer Phone: (129) 456 7890

name neyvumtunecen
ROBERT SMITH {iat inked so/epteesne
Rees aya ee

Objective

‘SQLServer Developer with 12 plus years of expertence in the Retail demain, Hands on Experience
in installing, configuring, managing, monitoring and troubleshooting SQL Server Expert in
Mlerosoft Business Intelligence technologies like SQL. Server Integration Services (SSIS). SQL Server
Reporting Services (SSRS). and SQL Server Analysis Services [SAS

Skills

Database: SQL Server Oracle 10g, Sybase Technologies: SQL Server Management Studio, SSIS,
SSAS, SSRS, Profiler. BI Express, Database Tuning Advicor, MS Olfice, Excel, MS Project, Oracle
SQL Developer Tool. Version Control Tools: MS Visual Source Safe (VSS), Source Version Control
(SVN), Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) Programming Languages: C, C++, HTML, XML
Operating Systeme: Windows MS-DOS,

Work Experience

SQL Server Developer
Stelm Mart - March 2011 ~Present
Design and developing the SSIS packages, stored procedures, configuration fies, tables
ews, Indexes
Used SSIS to extract data from enterprise data warehouse, Omacl added multple
transformations to transform the data and finally loaded tnto the DB2 database.
Using table diference, upsets, lockups. and condtonal spits for finding deltas
Used SQL Bi-Xpress or managing, audi and notileation frameworks
Creating the SSIS fobs for monitoring the fab that depend on daly Joacs ane! loading ba
database tables using SQL server agent
‘Automating tasks using activex script ina to VB Scrip) Be able to mplementfaluze
ders using email n SSIS
Involuing in object-oriented design (UML, activity diagrams, use eases, and objet modetng!

SQL Server Developer
ABC Corp - 2006 - 2011
Developed transact-SOU (t-SQLI quertes, stored procedures, triggers. user-defined functions

UDF, views, indexes. and user-defined data types strclly following the data tntegrtty using
constraints, rales, and default,
Created Windows logins and privileges to user aecounts/groups and objects
Developed CTE, constraints, and complex queries to fetch the data from different servers,
‘Worked with project stakeholders to understand business requirements and initiatives.
Developed processes hased on technical specifications and development standards.
Performed luni testing on all development.
‘Monttored the job performances to ensure processes run accord to Schedule. Troubleshoot
land resolved the issues as nected.

Education

(tha Free Resume Tesla she copy of teesnasecom Uae Caldeinee