CONSULTING MECHANICAL
ENGINEER

JEREMY BLACK

Ce Ae ee ola

 

SUMMARY

Versatile, accomplished, engineering management professional with a demonstrated history of
working in the automotive industry. Skilled in Six Sigma, Product Development, Manufacturing,
and Root Cause Analysis. Proven expertise in managing maintenance operations in a wide range
of industrial settings. Exhibits a strong and firm approach to sustaining and encouraging safe
work environments, and a demonstrated ability to streamline operations. Applies continuous
improvement principles to increase process and maintenance efficiency, and company profits.
Proven ability to read, and interpret blueprints and schematics. Strong skills in directing and
motivating staff with up to 60 members. Demonstrated experiences in quality control
management, such as first article inspection, precision measurement instruments, calibration,
and documentation

WORK EXPERIENCE

CONSULTING MECHANICAL ENGINEER * Mechanical engineering of parts and sub-assemblies for the wireless
BOEING and consumer electronics industries.
2017-04 - PRESENT * Responsible for fit, form, and function of parts and sub-systems

affecting user interaction.

 

JET ENGINE DYNAMIC COMPONENT * Supervised and coordinated aircraft maintenance and repair activities.
MECHANICAL SUPERVISOR Managed, supervised and coordinated activities of personnel engaged
GOOGLE in the maintenance and repair of aircraft, aircraft components, and
2014-07 - 2017-03 ground support equipment. Supervised requisitioning, receipt, and

allocation of tools, parts, and materials.

* Interpreted shop-sketches, drawings, schematics, and blueprints; used
technical publications and other maintenance data. Used precision:
measuring instruments and special tools in performing maintenance
functions.

* Performed complete repair of helicopter dynamic components;
prepared and submitted work center reports; conducted technical
training; planned, scheduled, and supervised work center operations;
used computer-generated technical data for inspection and repair of
helicopter dynamic components.

* Served as the maintenance manager and supervisor; performed duties
of the quality assurance inspector; led group discussions and critique
subordinates on oral communication skills; prepared efficiency
evaluations and commendations for subordinates

* Managed over a billion dollars of aviation assets with zero loss.

* Implemented and tracked the squadron maintenance training
program to ensure all maintainers provided with follow-on NAMP,
NAVOSH, and FASO course training,

* Successfully performed all duties as SE Training and Licensing
Program Manager.