Robert Smith

PMO Project Manager

PERSONAL STATEMENT
(Over 20 years of project management experience in technical delivery
vathin the Information Technology field responsible for projects with scope
and size up to $10M that are critical to the achievement of company key
Strategie objectives, Her professional background Includes: Certified in PMP
Froject Management Professional, PM's Scheduling Professional PMI-SP,
Scrum Alliance Scrum Master, and ITIL Infermation Technology Service
Management,

WORK EXPERIENCE

PMO Project Manager
‘ABC Corperation- March 2006 - August 2020
esponsibitties:

+ Led implementation and delivery that established standards, technology
sage and design to support business initiatives and processes.

+ Led discussions with PMO, Dernand Management (DMO) and Portfolio
Managers on global govemance, project prioritization, reporting on
metrics, staffing and analytics.

+ Led diverse project teams composed of technical and non-technical
resources to deliver timely and effective solutions based on Froject
Management, SDLC and Agile and Rterative methodologies.

* Assisted with managing projects advocating established PMO practices.

‘+ Reported PMO metrics (data, charts, and graphs) to management
Indicating progress and methodology compliance.

+ Worked in parallel with UHC PMO to created, maintain and meige
Integrated Executive level reports, dashboards and project resource
plans.

+ Maintained and updated HPHC portal

PMO Project Manager
Delta Corporation - 2002 - 2006
esponsibilies:

+ Create weekly dashboard and performance metrics for tearm Identity
‘opportunities for improvements in reporting cornmunicetions and drive
adoption!

‘+ Based in Emeryville, CA, GDS supplies clinical analysis and laboratory
testing tools to labs, hospitals, and blood banks worldwide.

+ Advise PMO Director and lead initiatives on PMO Transformation.

+ Lead cross functional project teams - Provide project coordination fer a
portfolio,

+ Managed PMO RFP project for 3rd Party Project Aualt Services
Developed and managed Decision Logging process and procedures for
rmultl-year, cross

+ Product Enhancement Project Managed all phases of a product,
enhancement project for Amex payment system (Globe) markets,

Scope of project consisted of enhancernent and modifications to the
\isionPius payment system of First Data Corporation to accammnodate

(Ths Ema Resume Tamolate the copyright of Qukesurne cor. Usage Gustine

CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marstuille Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7@90
Infowawikresurne,com
ww wqwikresume.com

SKILLS

Project Managernent
Methodology, System
evelopment

LANGUAGES

English (Netive)
French (Frofessional)
Spanish (Professional)

irabing
Snowboarding
Coking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)