GEORGE REDMOND

10 Sanford Drive e Andover, ME 04216
g.redmond@email.com e¢ 207-555-1212 (H) ¢ 207-555-1213 (C)

 

SALES PROFESSIONAL
Distributor Management ¢ Regional Sales Management ¢ Marketing & Advertising

 

Top-performing sales professional with award-winning excellence exceeding sales quotas, managing, training, and
supporting teams, and driving organizational growth and profitability for small, midsize, and Fortune 500 companies.
Effective leader, communicator and negotiator with talent for handling problem accounts and promoting new
business. Expertise in B2B and OEM sales, distributor networks, key account management, CRM, trade show
execution, direct sales and marketing, PR, product training and placement, and associated functions.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Account Management Market Share Expansion Prospecting / Cold Calling
Business Development Product Training and Placement Trade Show Management
Team Leadership / Training Original Equipment Manufacturers Sales & Contact Reports
Reseller Accounts Sales & Distribution Channels Direct Sales & Marketing

Customer Base Expansion Public Relations and Promotions Sales Closings & Techniques
Territory Sales Management Presentations and Proposals Business-to-Business Sales
Pull-through Marketing Brand Awareness / Development Upselling / Consultative Selling

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

MATTING SOLUTIONS - Fairfield, ME 2001-Present
Leading manufacturer of matting products for the picture framing industry, with locations in the US, France, and Germany.
Regional Sales Manager

Tasked with account management, sales support, product training, and product placement within Northeast picture framing
distributor network. Managed direct sales, customer service, PR, and brand awareness to promote new business with custom
picture framers, designers, OEMs, art material retailers, and distributors. Trained sales agents on cold-calling and associated
techniques, and accompanied them on sales calls to acquaint them with company and industry practices and procedures.

Conducted onsite seminars for distributor representatives and customer service personnel to describe product lines
and highlights. Attended national and regional trade shows, open houses, industry-related conferences, and meetings.
Organized and executed product blitzes in target markets. Managed monthly sales and contact reports.

Key Achievements:
> Recognized as top performer, exceeding sales quotas 7 out of 9 years.
> Opened several key Maine-based OEM accounts totaling over $600K in annual sales.

> Awarded 2 unprecedented bonuses totaling $19K- well above the usual $5K to $7K range- for the 2003
coverage of 2 sales territories that both exceeded quota.

> Won5 monthly contests in one year for the largest percentage sales growth.

> Negotiated long-term agreement with national school bid account leading to $200K+ additional gross sales
per year.

> Converted over 20 top-producing retail locations in 2007 by coordinating with distributor representatives to
increase retail-level product placement and improve product visibility.

... continued...

 

Bt
S Resume- Resource