Robert Smith

Member Advocate IT

PERSONAL STATEMENT
Dedicated Customer Seivice Representative who provides exceptional
‘ustomer service through active lstening and problem solving, Call Center
Representative with expertise providing customer support in high call
volume environments, Exceptional computer aptitude and telephone:
etiquette.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Member Advocate I!
‘ABC Corporation - April 2012 - November 2013
Fesponsibilties:
+ Effectively managed a high-volume of Inbound and outbound custorner
calls.
+ Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to ten calls in queue
per minute
+ Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empatheticaly
‘and professionally
+ Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking
purposes.
+ Accurately docurnented, researched and resolved customer service
lesues,
+ Managed custorner calls effectively and efficiently in a complex, fast-
paced and challenging call center environment.
+ Referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments
for further Investigation,

Member Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2008 - 2012
Responsiilties:
+ Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer
calls
+ Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to ten calls in queue
per minute
+ Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empatheticaly
‘and professionally,
Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking
purposes.
+ Accurately docurnented, researched and resolved custorner service
lesues,
+ Mastery of customer service management systerns and databases.
+ Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in & complex, fast-
paced and challenging call center environment.

Education

High Schoo! Diploma in General Studies (Wendell High School -
Wendell, 1D)

(Ths Ee Resume Tamlate the copyright of Quikresurne cor. Usage Gustine

CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marstullle Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7890
Infoequikresume.com
wwweqwikresume.com

‘SKILLS

Microsoft Excel,
Microsoft Word

LANGUAGES

English (Native)
French (Frofessional)
Spanish (Professional)

Climbing
Snowboarding
Coking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)