JESSE KENDALL
TEE EIm Sees Colpo NS TSEOT 7 © SOW SSE SESE E Renda naina oom

DISTRICT BANK MANAGER,
RETAIL BANKING OPERATIONS m COMPLIANCE @ BANKING SECURITY m INVESTIGATIONS

Proactive operations and management professional with a process-dnven, goal-orientad, and results-focused
approach, Progressive leadership and supervisory expertance with a history of transforming high-potential staff nto
butstanding professionals. Demonstrated commitment to excellence and world-class customer service that aids in
Surpassing financial and service objectives. Adapt at creating processes and procedures in adherence to corporate
and regulatory requiraments,

 

 

 

 

‘CAPABILITIES
1 Best Practice Implementation 1 Strategie Planning & Execution '@EMploy2e Development

1 Effective Time Management 1 Organization & Prortizaion Ei Research & Analysis

1 Colaborative Teamwork 31 Leadership & Motivation Customer Service

12 Problem Solving Regulatory Compliance Team Building
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

‘ABC BANK ‘20x — Present

District Operations Manager I, Gufport, MS
Manage a team of four Operations Specialists vito oversee procedures for 14 branches within the LA metro area,
‘ensuring sound operations, loss prevention, and overall proftablty. Enforce compliance with ABC Bank Service
‘Advantage Core Values,

Key Accomplishments:

‘+ Implemented, communicated, and enforced compliance and! loss contol procedures. Established communication,
training, and reporting processes to effectively evaluate branch operations and sacuty.

‘+ Rviewed, managed, and reduced miscellaneous losses and teller diferences from’ 165% to 98% In 20%: targelad
to reduce losses 070% in 200%

+ Contributed to the successful retall quality assurance (RA) reviews. Improved audit pass ratio from 50% to 66%
In 20ex and anticipate a score of 100% in 200%

BCD NATIONAL BANK 20ex — 20%x

District Operations Manager, Gulfport, MS

Contributed to diving branch growth and corporate goals. Executed infrastructure and operations intiatves, including

Internal and external fraud protection, building maintenance, legal maters, staffing, employee relations, and

‘communty involvement programs.

Key Accomplishments:

‘Drove the post-aequistion operational conversion of eight former Downey Savings & Loan Branches; maintained
fully operational systems, inclucing technology, securty, and vauls. Delivered basic product traning, secuty, and
‘operations procedures to new employees.

+ Expected fo decrease loan exceptions ftom an average of seven per branch in 20xx tolass than one per branch by
the and of 20%x.

‘+ Recipient of Most improved Distt and Under Loss Plan Awards in 20%

 

‘ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.

‘Education: Bachelor of Business Administration, XYZ Unversity, Gulfpor, MS, 20xx
Computer: MS Office Suite, Adobe Writer, Hogan
Philanthropy: Ride-On Therapeutic Riding (horseback riding for disabled), Volunteer Dog Therapy