- 90 Twin Pines Road
JESSICA S. PARKS Besiecad NVI
Physical Education Teacher (631) 222-4501

   

 

 

Dedicated educator with five years of experience seeking a position as a physical education teacher. Maintains a
passion for instilling in children the importance of lifelong learning, health, and fitness. Serves as a role model
through extensive participation in fitness activities and coaching of competitive (basketball/volleyball) and
noncompetitive activities with a focus on team sportsmanship, physical strength, endurance, and flexibility

 

Physical Fitness « Team Participation * Confidence Building * Goal Setting + Responsibility * Socialization

CERTIFICATIONS

New York State Provisional Certification in Physical Education
New York State Permanent Certification in Elementary Education, Pending
Certified Health Fimess Specialist, Physical Best CPR for Children and Adults

 

EDUCATION

Hofstra University, Garden City, NY
Master of Arts in Physical Education, 2003
Graduated with Honors: Phi Epsilon Kappa Physical Education Society

Queens College, Flushing, NY
Bachelor of Arts in English with a Concentration in Elementary Education, 1999

Continiing Education Workshops
Athletes Helping Athletes + Project Adventure « Violence Prevention for School Personnel

 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Third Grade Teacher, St. Francis Lutheran School. Brentwood, NY 9/02 — Present

Manage a stinmlating classroom with 23 students with responsibility for teaching, testing, grading,
assessment, conduct, parent communications, and coordination of extracurricular and athletic activities.

# Design and teach cross-curricular lessons and units in areas of science, social studies, literature, grammar.
spelling, writing, and math in accordance with New York State teaching standards,

Instill in students a love of reading, writing and expression through guided, shared, and independent exercises
including monthly book projects, creative writing assignments, Diorama creations, and oral presentations,

* Work closely with pullout resource room teachers to provide reluctant learners with reading reinforcement.

* Incorporate the use of technology in the learning process utilizing Reading Counts interactive quizzes.

© Serveas a member of the Social Studies Curriculum Review Committee

© Coordinate/supervise day trips, camp outings, Parent~Teacher Conferences, and Meet the Teacher Night

 

Third Grade Teacher, All Saints Lutheran School. Isp, NY 9/99 — 6/02

«As the only third grade teacher, implemented the third grade curriculum for a class of 19-23 multicultural and
ESL students in areas of teaching, testing, grading, assessment, and behavior modification.

© Succeeded in maintaining a structured classroom where students displayed a gennine interest in all subject
areas, participated in monthly book projects, and met/exceeded personal and academic goals

© Collaborated with pullout resource room teachers and tutored students after-school in reading strategies.

*  Orchestrated culturally influenced performances to celebrate Hispanic Heritage and African Heritage months.

* Attended New York City Board of Education in-service workshops for non public school teachers.

Coaching / Recreation Counseling .. .