Sap Abap Developer I Phone: (125) 456 78.99

Ema: olocquilresume.com
Website: uunw.qwikrestme.cmt

ROBERT SMITH Linkedin: linkeda.com/qwikrestime
‘Address: 1797 Marshville Road,

Alabama

Objective

Secking.a challenging and reuarding careerin ERP where can contribute knowledye and skills for
owih, development of the organization and to be able to implement solos thal mect the
Sustaner requirements using varely of Solware development skills and Technical expertise

Skills

‘SAP ABAP, SAP LSM, SAP Data Dictionary, Technical Wiling.

Work Experience
Sap Abap Developer I

‘ABC Corporation - April 2007 ~ August 2007
+ Analyzed the Functional Specifications to desig the technical specification and cade,
‘Helped in gathering the process related data apd giving the master data required lor MM and

Sp.
+ Designed an ALY list ta display the Service Level Report.
Created custom lables with maintenance dialogs for dummy employees. Aller receiving the
caricrs ltvalces, files were sen! to sap containing the breakdawn ty cast center for each,
+ Designed and coded the sap interface to the langoe telocemmunications system which.
* Developed, maintained and documented forms (sapscripl, smartlorms and adobe) reports
+ Interfaced, enhancemenied and workllowed in an sap environment having aver 60 active
company.

‘Sap Abap Developer
Delta Corporation - 2003)~ 2007
Hg Noot Corp
* Duration July 2006 - March 2007 SAP Version Projet Type BCC 5.0 /Iniplemenation SAP
Modules PM Plant Maintenance) Cent Prfle SOMC I a UK based plant malntenance
‘company wil sie ellentle ts mldle-east.
+ For encof its Oman based plant SOMC Is implementing SAP R/3.
+ The overall seope a he projec! involves FI-CO, MM asd PMAWCM (Work Clearance
Management) modules
+ Role and Respansblles My Seope of work lnvalved to design/develop SAP RICEP far PM
module
‘Analysing the Functional Specifications ta design the technical specication and code
+ Objects Developed /Custortized Developed a report to print Noilcation lon Lets

Education

‘Bachelor of Engineering iy Information Technology ~2002(Duration amp: University)

(Tas Pree Resume Template bse copyright of Qutkretmesom. Grate Guldaines