123 Elm Strost 305-555-5555
JESSE KENDALL. Miami, FL 33183 ikedall@notmail.com

Foon & BEVERAGE CONSULTANT.
Results driven, quality-focused, and dedicated consultant with over nine years of proven operational, financial, and
personnel management success in entreprencutial and corporate roles. Demonstrated strengths leading in high-volume,
customer service oriented environments. Track record of inetcasing revenue, improving operational efficiency. and
creating productive tears.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AMC Vac CLR — Miami, FL 20vx to Present
Food & Beverage Consultant

Direct all daily operations ofthis 17S-seat private dining club with 630 members and annual sales of $2 million, Oversee all
kitchen, restaurant, and bar operations. Manage al accounting and corporate reporting functions. Review and assist department
heads with rcruiting plan, hiring decisions, and training programs. Forecast and schedule a staff of 40, balancing service moods
and profit goals Develop and conral the annual budget.

Notable Accomplishments:
Generated increases in gross sales and operating profits through exceptional srvie un effective FALE menu pricing.
> Created seasonal menus thar introduced innovative dishes while respecting established favorites

> Booked dining events fr private putes of upto 350 guests, ensuring excellent quality and sevice

> Gained advanced expertise in wines, liqueurs, alvoho, and beers through management of bar operations.

> Wrote comprehensive poliy, procedure, and operational employee handbook.

> Developed staff potenti, fostering promotional growth of several employees

> Supervised complet interior and exterior renovation

> Actively participated in numerous fund-raising events for community non-profit organizations.

BCD PARKS & ReSow1s ~ Miami, FL 20x to 200%,
Food & Beverage Consultant

Improved operations for award-winning fine dining restaurants, th steae house, the sports lounge, and four bars with SIs
million anntal revenue, Parinred with the Exccutive Chef en meni concepts, planning, design, and costing to ensure
profitability. Initiated sanitation standards: ensured satisfactory inspections and compliance with all state and federal regulators
tnd agencies. Oversaw revenue management, supervision, procurement, and restaurant renovations.

Notable Accomplishments:

Achieved the highest bottom-line profit and sanitaion/hcalth inspection scores in five years.

> Propeed and coortinated private-label wine and coffe programs that translated nto retail sales

> Developed a new image for the eutdated restaurant; created a regional menu concept, catied out an interior redesign, and
devised marketing stratesies

> Increased staff productivity ob satisfaction and improved overall survey scores by 11%

CDE Hosprraniry Grove ~ Miami, FL 20x to 20x
Food & Beverage Consultant / Controller

Improve operations of selected resturants forthe font and back of house, Hire Chefs and General Managers and assist in
setting new quality standards. Write and define standard cperating procedures job descriptions, and purchasing guidelines.

Notable Accomplishments:
> Played instrumental role in creating and implementing vision for ZV 54, a fine dining steale house; developed menu

recipes, established inventry, ordering and purchasing contol, trained staff and represented B1N 54 as Executive Chef,
> Created new budgets to ensure profitability and executed a highly effective weskly P&L system.

EDUCATION

‘Bachelor's Degree in Hospitality Management, XYZ University, Miami, FL, 20xx
ServSafe Cenitied