ALAN STEVENS

‘GENERALLABORER RESUME

‘career Summary
‘Aquick lamer who is phyicalystrongandabe to work onany
buling highwayand heavy construction ste Alanhas a postive
atttude andis confident that he can asstexperencedtrade
people ina hgh pressurized environment that vals hands on

Work He ie safty conscious and able to fully concentrate on take,

hecan alco understand nd communkate information wll. He
_valable or immediate start, and iscurent looking fora
suitable general labouring psition wha wellestablshed
company.

‘Academic Qualifications

‘Coventry North College 2011-2012
Diploma in Buln & Construction ase
‘iemingham South Highschool 2008-2011
mathe ase
Engst ase
‘Geography ase
Phys Pas
usiness Studies ase
Prysical Education ase

labouring skills acquired whilst studying

Koowledge of mixing plaster, monar and HOD caving.
Using breakers, jack hammers andother plant machinery
Deving Stevan fr aistbution of waste materials.

Using feats, trowels, screeds, or powered cement finishing
tools to smeath and finish rsh poured cement or concrete
‘Operating jackhammers and aris to break up concrete or
pavement

‘Working in flood damaged domestic & commercial buldings
‘Shoveling cement and ather mater ito portable cement
Looking after, maintaining and deanng specialist
constuction machinery, equpment, and tots

Controling wafficin and aut ofa construction ste,

Using picks andshovelsto cg holes, ices and trenches.
Instaling sewer and storm dain pipes.

Key skills

sevowtense oF
+ Landicaping + Block pavieg
 Demoiton work Scafoling
+ Brcayng Foor tying
 Howserenovatons + Pasterng
key compeTENciES

‘+ Physica ft ad able tout heavy loads
‘+ Willing to workweekendsas well as travel and
Stayovernghtneflerentocatons.
‘+ Ableto start at €20am and able to comme to
Jong dy.
Canworkin a kings of weather.
Alot of physical strength, super hand-eye
‘coordination and hgh endurance levels

PERSONAL SKS

‘Canworkas pat ofa team or on own inate.
Abeta communicate well with colleagues and
manages.

High asciptined and abet folow instructions.
‘A goodattiude toheatthand safety.

SELECTED ACHIEVEMENTS.

‘+ Tralned inremoring lead asbestos and other
shmardous material,

+ Possessing aval SCSor CPCScard
+ Paesed a course Buin ste safety
‘© Tskiled and able to use technical equipment

HoneKs AND INTERESTS
‘Alan kes to keep physically ft and does this by
‘regula going tothe gym. He also enjoys playing
‘team sports and isthe captain of his local pub
soccer tam. He eles by goingto the cinema
watching the atest science fection leases

REFERENCES
‘valableon request.

CONTACT DETALS