ROBERT SMITH
Senior ETL Developer I

-E-mall infowgwikresume-com Phone: (0123)-56.709

SUIS

Senior EL, Developer with over 11 years of total IT experience ane Technical proficiency in the Dat
‘Warchousing teamed with Data Analysis, B, Data Modeling, and ETL Development amp: ETL Design
‘th ul lifecycle Implementation of Data Warehouse. Involved in the cect interaction with the cliems
‘trong knowledge and experience in various sectors like hanking, linunce, beahcare pharmacies, an
Insurance, involved in buleing the logical an physical models

 

ETL Took Taformatica 9.48.3, 1DQ. MDM (Power Center/Power MarvPower ExchangelSSIS) Langage:
SQL, PLISQL. SQLPhus. Databases; Oracle SQL Server 7.0, 2000, 2008, DB2, Teradata, Tera Data
‘lies ERP System OLAP Tools SSRS SQL. Tools: SQL. Developer, TOAD, SQLPLUIS, SQLLoader
Ofice Tools: MSOtTice, MS Project. Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX, Linux, Sun Solas:

oa

   

 

Senor ETL Developer I
(Centers For Medicare & Medicaid Services Apeil 2009 — April 2017

Involved in the development of E:T. packages or newly bul data mart by using

4 Adddresed the issues elated to &equst:834 henchit enrolment eam: malntenance
Iansactionsquo Improvement of existing process and mplemestation of new ET. design.

“+ Designed and wnplemented a data schedole and time-code daa from the efferent enites and
processing the data to provi a unified view ofthe platform (conformed dimension).

4+ Supported su implemented appropriate LLP? standard compliance sonsoluate redundant
‘operational process using EDL and up graation frm 4010 to SOLO al muiatsance of upton
application for research analyses between b2b. Platform (conformed dimension)

4+ Developes 1DQ standardization mappings: according to res sing 1DQ transformations alates
validators accelerators

‘+ Involved in buileng the logical and physical mevlels for dimensional modeling project.

“Load the interacting with clients to yather requirements on cleansing rules and data remscaton

 

ETL Developer
ABC Comp - 2006

 

2009

 

 

‘+ Designed and developed mapping, transformation logic andl processes in Informatica For
implementing business rules an! standardization of source data from multiple systems in the data
vwarshowse

‘Tested ull TIPPA transactions for mult-version suppeat 4010. 5010) and validated the database
lorie elements

‘+ Rescarchu the existing cient processes and guided the vendors in aliyning the HIPAA compliance
‘output with the client systems

(© Thi se Resume Templates he eepyrgh of Opies: cm, Lag Gulins