AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Up seting

Product launch
Munising stock losses
Customer care
Preparing action plans
Competir analysts

Visa! merchandising

PROFESSIONAL,

Level NVQ in Sales

PERSONAL SKILLS
Relationship bulking
Target driven

istenng sls.

‘Smart appearance

PERSONAL DETAILS

Linda Haris
‘34 Made Up Road

Sales consultant

PERSONAL SUMMARY

‘A results driven articulate and well presented sales consultant with «proven tack
‘record of meeting store sales targets and minimising stock loses. Hardworking, able
to communicate effectively with people fom all backgrounds and able to present
products ina stuetured professional way face to face with eustomers, Comfortable
‘working in a fast paced, growth orientated work envionment and have experience of
selling fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), clothes and funiture

(Currently looking fora suitable sales position with aexcting & ambitious company

 

WORK EXPERIENCE

Retail Store ~ Coventry
SALES CONSULTANT June 2008 - Present

Part of busy team, driving sles of shop products by communicating and listening
tw customers and ensuring thatthe receive the highest standards of eustomer

Duties:
‘ Grectng & welcoming all potential and existing customers tothe store

‘© Matching the customer's needs othe right product.

‘Willing to approach customers and able to clase a sale

‘Working as par ofthe sles team providing excellent customer service,

‘© Taking customer payments in cash or Via ret cards.

«Excelent product knowledge

‘Occasionally negotiating with customers on price

‘Dealing wit and resolving customer complaints and concer.

‘Building a great rapport with customers.

‘Having team meeting and sharing best practic ideas with colleagues.
‘Adherence to all Company policies and procedures,

‘* Mainuining very high merchandising standards

‘Analyzing sles statisti and determining sales potemial & inventory requirements

 

 

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES.

+ strong collaboration, influencing and problem resolution kills,
‘Knowledge of selling techniques and merchandising

1 Innovative and persusive.

‘+ Avare ofthe latest market rends and up to date on product knowledge
‘Developing new customers,

‘+ Excelent afer sales service ensuring the customer has had a good experience.
‘+ Maintining and demonstrating security and Health and Safety awareness

1 Areal air for selling

‘Abily to work shi, including overtime, statutory holidays & Sundays