Robert Smith

Sr. AWS Devops Engineer

PERSONAL STATEMENT
ver Eight years of professional experience In Build and Release
Management, DevOps, Experience in installation, canfiguration and
troubleshooting of Ubuntu, Redhat Linux, AIX and Windows 2012 on various
hardware platforms and AWS cloud. Invelved in migrating physical
Linux) Windows servers to cloud (AWS)

WORK EXPERIENCE

Sr AWS Devops Engineer
United Nations - March 2015 - 2020
Responsibilties:
+ Developed and supported the Software Release Management and
procedures.
+ Performed all necessary day-to-day GIT/Bitbucket/TFS support for
lfferent projects.
+ Responsible for design and maintenance of the GIt/Bitbucket/TFS
Repositories and the access control strategies
+ Created the branches in TFS and GIT to Implement the parallel
development process.
+ Merged release branches to the trunk after the production release and
resolved the conflicts arose during the merge in both Subversion and
Gr,
* Worked with the Architects on SOLC process being the owner of post
development environments
+ Good knowledge on .Net frameworks (C#, ASPINet)

AWS Devops Engineer
Delta Corporation - 2011-2015
Fesponsibilties:

+ Bulld servers using AWS Importing volumes, launching EC2, RDS, $3,
JAM, Routes3, VPC, CodeDeploy, creating security groups, auto-scaling,
Lambda, load balancers (ELBs) In the defined virtual private connection.

+ Implemented, deployed and maintained cloud Infrastructure using AWS.

+ Automating backups by shell for Linux to transfer data in $3 bucket.

+ Maintaining the user accounts (IAM), RDS, Route 53, SES and SNS
services In AWS cloud,

+ Designed an Architectural Diagrarn for different applicetions before
‘migrating into Amazon cloud for flexible, costeffective, reliable,
scalable, high-performance and secured,

+ Used GITHUB and Bitbucket as source code repositories.

‘+ Managed GIT repositories far branching, merging, and tagging,

Education

(2 Ths Ee Resume Temlate the copyright of Qukesurne cor. Usage Gustine

CONTACT DETAILS

1737 Marstullle Road,
Alabama
(123)-456-7890
Infoequikresume.com
wwweqwikresume.com

‘SKILLS

Knowledge on Cloud
‘computing, Knowledge
‘on Networking,

LANGUAGES:

English (Netive)
French (Frofessional)
Spanish (Professional)

INTERESTS

climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading

Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)