Lara Davis 566 Old Lyme Ro

Lada @spiaumailcom (Campa, CE O7798
(355) 555-5555,

 

 

{Innova pr fessional with a consistent record of wp performance in sales, teitory and aecount management.
Leadership / Managerial Consiendy slaved o assume kalership roles District wide. Prostively approach
‘sccount and business ehallenges, applying probiom-solviag skis, pesiseace, teamwork and fesoucefltins (0
schieve positveresuls. Experience includes managing sas professions; resource to peers: consensus lle
Reitionship Bulking /Inflvencing. Proven bility to quelycukivate relationships with very dificult aco,
inet decision makers; inpact and appt developed with opinion leaders. supassd by none.

Sales/ Marketing Business Development Adept it developing and executing suategies hat incweae masket,
Stare and sales; eiy and capitalize on growth opportunities though analysis, pret expertise and sound
busines tins.

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENC!

JOHNSON & JOHNSON, Fate, CT
‘Mealeal Sales Representative 1997 present

= Terstory & Account Management / Sales: Recnitedto provide sat gc planning and leadership dveton to
the New England terior. Manage hosptalmedical comer aceoun’, including managedcar. Crete and
‘sect tree sales pins for eitory to market phamacetial products and infuencepreserbing habits
+ Took charge of trrtory without market presence, formulary acceptances nor established account

‘ontacis/deision makers and delivered sigaieant resus inal quantifiable objectives.
+ Achieyed All-Star Ranking in 199, Launched 3 ew products and boosted share growth to rank #1
Innation for all3 product.

Leadership / Administrative: As member ofSceing Commitee, alvse management on plans and goals as
Well acts Habon tween management and peers on oer bisiness matrs. sist Distet Manager with
Dist meting planning and spoil projects. Produce moathlysaks progress pons
+ First in the Distret to reelve President's Award for Excellence in teamwork and leadership,

+ Provided taining, development and supervisory direction o contract sales rep throughout 1999.

+ Successful in bulding strong internal neworks and faelitatig involvement from multiple layers of
theses force to achleve common business goals,

+ Frequently invited to deliver presentations at district meetings on strategie planing, contracts,
working with managed eare counterparts and other relevant toples.

 

Business & Relationship Development: Develop and manage key contacts within each account as wells

‘onal opinion leaders.

+ Delivered contracts for top 2 accounts with plans for business pul-through

+ Inithted and spearheaded thefist successful Consulting Roard Meeting, carefully slcting
attendees to ensure synergy. Resulted in formulary approval fora product that k now the top
hole,

+ Developed 3 opinion leaders for LEP/CME use. Discovered and developed a nathnal level opinion
leader (Dr. James Sullvan, who presented at IMSCPO 2003 on company's bea.

 

(GENTEC PHARMACEUTICALS, Trenton, I
Sales Representative 1992-1995

*Developedand managed 100% commision asa artery with 63 active accounts in 3 cies and $300,000
inventory. Managedal aspect ofthe business, inlading analysis, sategic planning and tesouree utilization,
Soll installa and serve capil susial equipment (videosystems and anhroscopic and hpurocopie
insumons) © hospitals Provided daily wining witha highly demanding opting com environment to
Suigeons and other hospital sal in new sugial equipment wchaiqustoperadons.