JESSE KENDALL

123 Elm St. + Miami, FL 33183 » 205) 555-5555 « jkendallanotmail.com

 

OFF-SITE CONSTRUCTION SUPERINTENDENT

‘Accomplished and results-oriented project management professional _with outstanding
‘qualifications orchestrating high-paced operations in all aspects of land development and building
construction. Extensive experience in organizational administration, resource management, and
contract negotiations. Record of achievement providing leadership, Supervision, and motivational
expertise £0 ensure streamlined construction operations and increased efficiency. Fluent in
English and Spanish. Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) and MS Project.

 

 

 

 

EXPERTISE
~ Bid Proposals + Project Nanagement + Staff Leadership
+ Problem Resolution + Training and Development + Employee Relations
* Budget Management + Strategic and Tactical Planning + Customer Service
+ Grading + Gas and electric "SWPPP
Wet Ustities + Storm Drain, + Communications
+ Dematition ‘Environmental Mitigation + Surface Improvements
+ Soil Nail and Gravity Wall + Permit Processing SADA
+ Bond Exoneration + Hazardous Material Abatement + Plan Check:
EXPERIENCE
‘ABC Homes, Miami, FL 20ex- Present

Regional Off-Site Superintendent
Manage the development of aver ten different projects in Jhiami and Fort Lauderdale, valued at
362 milion. Support the Land Acquisition Department by providing preliminary construction
Schedules and evaluating the constructability of projects during feasibility analyses. Consult with
Civil engineers and forward planning and purchasing staff to ensure that projects are theroughly
Contracted. Supervise all consultants and subcontractors on all projects.

+ Saved thousands of dollars on SWPPP by designing a storm water bypass system.

+ Discovered water migration problem from an unlined canal while negotiating to purchase ots.

+ Identified a design conflict in a storm dain that encroached on high-powered electric lines,
‘while consulting with land acquisition staf; subsequently would increase the easement into
valuable lot (home) space.

+ Advised forward planning and purchasing staff that the cost of structures on a deep storm drain
project would increase significantly because the design exceeded the standards and would have
tobe individually engineered.

+ Cormanaged the Land Development Department while the VP was out on a seven-month
medica leave,

BCD Communities, iam, FL ex - 208%
Off-Site Superintendent

Oversaw all development required for a new home master-planned community, including site
evelopment, grading, storm drains, wet and dry utilities, streets, surface improvement,
landscaping, and parks. Supervised projects from preconstruction meeting to final occupancy.
Prepared and executed homeowner association turnovers and bond exoneration with the
governing agencies. Project required installation of two major water lines forthe Otay Water
District from water storage facility through dedicated easement and along a major silane road.
Ensured release of governing agency bonds. Supervised all consultants, contractors, on-site
Superintendents, and laborers.

+ Completed projects on time in spite of setbacks.
+ Produced substantial cost savings to the company by miigating a potentially costly problem
with the Senior City engineer; resulted ina job offer withthe City.