Joun SmrrH
22 sree Rd, «iy, Sate 00000
222:2222023 (n+ 2222222200 (6) «emalaceresscom

 

(QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY.

Pharmaceutical Sales Representative with strong business acumen, product knowledge, and excalnt
‘communication skis to influence prescribing habts and drive teritory growth. Adee at buldng
‘consultative relationships with Key pinion leaders and insttutons to increase market presence and
‘competitive postion. Track record of success in high-pressure seling environments and developing
nev, innovative markets.

Gen-Centred Support # Tertory Development ¢ Medical Education Seminars

Research & Anais «International Counseling & Advocacy® Fundraising « Presetations
‘ross-Cutral Missions « Therapeutic Implementation # Training & Counseling

 

‘PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCI

SexvieR Cova ne Montes, Quebec 2006 — Present
Sales Representative

Marketed and sold prescription medication for pharmaceutical manufacturer targeting treatment for
hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. Cnt base consisted of physicians, nurses, nurse
practtboners, and pharmacists. Coordinated vdeo lunch and lems and organized conning medical
fecaton seminars

‘+ Grew underperforming tertory for Covers up 14 spots to rank in the top five out of 50
atonal terres. Identified and secured accounts with Key opinion leaders having the most
potential to prescribe to both new and extng patients, Teritry more than doubled market
Share and surpassed $300,000 monthly sales

‘+ Achieved perfomance ranking within the top 59% during Ansera "mock cnc’ hed at national
sales meeting; testing ably to engage, consut, and: demonstrate benefits of Coversy to
Dhysians. Scores also measured perceived credibility, expertise, and tkelnood to modify
prescrbing habits,

‘+ Played key role in team effort to dive Covesy sales in Canada and win national contest fr
highest marketshare change. Organized lecture for from the Otiane Heart Institute paired
with messaging of tivation upto & mg as essenal in preventing events and death in hyper
Intensive and cardiovascular disease patients.

(oss CurTuta Sousions/ VIOvA~ New Delhi, Inia 2005
Heattheare Advisor

Educated and counselled less privileged women and chien on health issues during cross-cultural
mission. ole integrated methods to facltate progressive sodl change,

‘+ Orchestrated group meetings to empower and educate women concerning issues with family
Planning, nutrition, and AIDS. Aided in skils taining to help women gain economic
Independence and break the cyie of poverty

‘+ Performed routine checkups on chiden and provided recommendations to. mothers
‘concerning chidrens wel-beng.

‘+ Met with women one-on-one to discuss personal Issues and perform routine check-ups,
advising and encouraging women to seck medial attention when appropiate