Phone: (1.23) 456 72 99
Food Beverage Manager Email: Info@quikresume.com

ROBERT SMITH ee tet

 

Objective

Custorner Service professionally a record of Increased responsibilty, Proficient in priartzing and
completing tasks ina timely manner, yet flexible to multitask when necessary. Custorner focused
with diverse industry experience Including restaurant, bar, and consulting services. Enjoys
learning new programs and processes and team player who is attentive to detail and able to work
Ing fast pace environment.

Skills
Food management.

Work Experience

Food Beverage Manager
‘ABC Corporation - lune 2004 - January 2013
Led the food &amp; beverage staff to ensure department operated efficiently and business
‘goals were achieved
[Attended appropriate meetings and communicated effectively with al responsible staff to
fensure guest and employee needs are ret.
Accountable for guest satisfaction by ensuring food and beverage service standards are met
fand guest needs are responded to ina timely manner.
Resolved quest complaints in courteous and friendly manner, focusing on service recovery
when ap plicable,
Worked side by side with staff ta train and moclel appropriate quest service standards.
Responsible for interviewing, hiring, coaching, and development of all employees.
Responsible for training all employes and ensuring training records are maintained.

Food Beverage Manager
Delta Corporation - 2000 - 2004
+ Supervise all service personnel Including counseling and disciptine, to maintain service
standards,
+ Meet and greet guests as they arrive, offer cholee of seating, then escort them to their table
‘and present menu,
+ Read, maintain and make daily entries in the logbook to coordinate communication between
shifts and management,
+ Maintain proper set-up of dining roorn and enforce uniform anc grooming standards of al
service personnel on a dally basis.
+ Conduct daily &quot:rol call meetingsSiquot: to keep staf informed af evurrent prornotions,
daly specials, gest comments, daily events and pertinent ernos.
This Is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant ta your cuurent role,
This Is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your cutrent role,

(© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage
‘Guidelines