Kristina Kuhn

Sales Director

Anestablished and driven Leader, Strategist, Digital Guru, and St. Sales Professional with a proven
track record of success looking to lead or join an innovative and dynamic team full-time or contracted.
Self-motivated and driven, approach each challenge with an open mind, often thinking outside the

box o deliver the most d

‘marketing space pos

WORK EXPERIENCE

201408 - 2016-05

EDUCATION

2010

skILs

 

 

 

sd results, Innovative thinking and deep knowledge of the automotive

Sales Director and Board of Director
UnitedHealth Group

+ Managing 20+ peopl (@ sles people, 2 sles assitans, 1+ dstiutor, 26

strateple partners) fr manufacturing sensors and systems fr automation.

‘Overall responsibilty: Plan and implement sles and marketing activites inorder
tomect company targets fr etention growth and profitability Cente.
‘Asadirectar totheexecutte management ofthe company Specie
“strategie partners Plan and implement sakes strategy, induding distribution channel
development Pian and implement marketing strategy, including advertsing and

PRccrt, manage, tin and mosivate dec reporting sa Manage R&D and NPD
stad new business development

+ Maintain and develop corporate image and reputation.
anand manage internal communications and awarenes of coporte direction,
‘mission, aims, and atts.

 

 

Director, Business Development/s. Business Strategist

cvs Health

+ Developed and eda team of Inside Sales Professionals.

+ The trained eam ofconsubative seling ad conning in digal marketing and
advertising strategy utiing an ageney.

+ Consulted with prospective cents and curt cents onthe bet strategie and
‘outs tomeet the business objectives.

 

Marketing Director
McKesson

+ spearheaded the development ofa two year growth plan wth property kadership,
twcensure census stability and new growth.

+ Promoted within two months to lead Cmmunity Relations Director, overseeing
team of fourrebranis under new amnertip.

Increased census by 15% within two months by optiming marketing segments and

‘hough strategie panning and implementation

+ Led monthly conning education seminars to dive brand awareness and product
ofeings with existing and prospective cents.

Mm
University of California,

Bachelor of Business Management (BBM)
University of Richmond