Waeerork Sect eas

 

Engineer/Administrator eed
ROBERT SMITH Address 1757 Marl Road,
‘Alabama

Objective

Network Security Engineer with 6+ Years’ experience with Cisco ASA, Checkpoints, Juniper SRX,
Fortigate, Palo Alto, Network Switches/Routers, LANWANNWLAN, TCPIIP, VPN, and

hard are!software security applications, Skilled at end user support, network troubleshoating,
Intrusion detection/prevention, encryption, WAF, packet fitering firewalls, malware analysis,
Vulnerability scans, pen testing, and preparing Securty policies.

Skills
Network Security, C.

Work Experience

Network Security Engineer/Administrator
‘ABC Corporation - October 2020 - Novernber 2011,
Protect and defend Identification, analysis, and mitigation of threats to Internal and external
IT systems or networks.
Monitored network security devices such as firewalls, antivirus, and intrusion
detectin/prevention systems.
Reviewed and implemented access controls security for networks assets and resources
ineuding security awareness training effectiveness.
Performed a varlety of tasks related to network adrninistraton, performance and
maintenance
Including the Installation, mlgraton, and conf guration of network devices (router, switches,

servers, desktops) and associated equipment.
Performed traffic and malware analysis ublizing current applications (Backtrack, WireShark,

Metasploit, etc)
Installed, Configured, mitigated, troubleshoot, and migrated network security software and

hardware applications,

Network Security Engineer
‘ABC Corporation - 2007 - 2010
LANNWAN Support and management of Johnson Controls global infrastructure
Performing biackbox penetration testing and ethicel hacking en our rernote sites to test for
security vulnerabilities and security policy compliance.
Creating security policies for new sites.
> Configuring switches, rauters and wireless access points with latest security standards,
* Besignining firewall rules for new connections and VPNs.
Collaborating with Verizon on new circuit and router installs,
Ordering clsca hardware and dacumenting.

Education

(© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Quikresume.com. Usage
‘Guidelines