RAMESH SIGHAL

 

Ci Sate OCOD « EmsieraLcon
Quality Manager

Summary

“Analytical, Results-oiented Development Project Manager Professional with strong Organization, Panning,
and Execution ils to achieve project success. Quality and Six Sigma focused on Quality Management and
Defect Prevention successes. Bxpeienced in managing global development efforts related to IP hardware
and protocol technology involving a complex mix of internal and 3rd party technology. | am dedicated to the
appropriate application of processes to arrive at high-quality products. Large experience and knowedge in
‘manufacturing operations management wit the focus on cost reduction, process optimization and quality

excellence,

2015-09 - Present

2012-08- 2015-09

2010-02 2012-08

2008-01 - 2010-02

2007-2008

Work Experience

Quality Manager

Wipro Technologies

+ coordinate department quality goalplaning and quattyausitand champion department quality
Improvements

+The deparumenthas recived a Division Qualityaward in May 2017 resulting from my aconsin
educingtop problem root cause occurences by factor of five and decreasing development
efor by 20%

+ Champion theidenticason andimplementation of newdepatmentsottwaredevelopment
process improvernents trough Six Sigma and OMAIC Taningot newengineersincrtial
Drocedures and processes

+ Active parcpation and guidance in Division level Software Process and Detect Prevention
Couns,

Quality Project Leader
Motorola

+ Response ensure QT (Purchase Component Quality Engineers) target achievement for
‘hice projects ring series production fac its & minormedel changes, hisincuded al
Diving ad controling QUT target achievementwithinallvehide projects.

+ Ovecty suppor te industalzaion of purchased components and theiintegationin the
Spartanburg, SCplants for theramp-upto series production. Panningand tacking of process
ties, capaiy and, lexi safeguarding QMT from ier and Ter suppliers,

+ Keyroleinsskidentifction andmtgaton of an potential supplie-lated risks to BMW product,
‘anges and newmodellaunehs,

Quality Manager
Berry Global ne
+ Managed process engineers tecnicians, quali manage quai engineers and laboratory

anabyssfor a 324000 5q.8.- 210+ employee site producing ove two (2) milion ts. per
‘month of non-woven tx products forthe medica, gene an industrial industries.

Advanced Engineering Manager

Intertec Systems LLC

+ introduced innovative capita jusitcaton systems, costracking. equipment design and
‘specification witho ppm {part/milion) and 10%seficiency targets 30 days post launch Managed
{US027rilioneaptl budget and generated over milion nsavings.

+ Added innovative$5. milion poder casting operation and the new bilingto Ontaiofacily,in
_2ddtion wpaintsystems, moulding presses, and state of artlaserperfeatingoperatons that id
passive estaintairbag deployments,

+ Mentaredandinfuenced engineering team to increase program delivery despite 220% reducion
inst

+ Developed cresive manufacturing layout that optimized material lowand production control
and educed floor space of one program rom 27,0005 0980050.

Education

Masters Certificate in Project Management
‘Tiadearge tailagicntinieniy