AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Operation improvements
customer care

Businecs administration
Facilities management
Operations! management

‘Strategic planing

PROFESSIONAL
PRINCE?

USP quaifeation

PERSONAL SKILLS

Passiona

Forward thinking
Focazed

Hard working

contact

Maxine Cory
Dayjob Let
The ig Peg
Birmingham
BUSONF

T0121 380026
Ae 0121938 0028

E infeed com

Driving Hence: Yes
‘Natonliy:Briazh

Maxine Curry
Operations Manager

PERSONAL SUMMARY

[A commercially minded individual with exenive experience and a mccesfl record
in operation and administration management. Masine is more than able take on 257
‘mmporunt ole inthe ronning of business. She has a high level of technical kills
across range of functional actvtias and can operate within sict operational and
‘management guidelines On a personal level se is honest flendly a well as
approachable and always rats people how she woud ket be neated berslf Right
now she would ike to ein a well-established busines that is looking forthe night
person to underake anew role as an Operations Manazer

WORK EXPERIENCE

(Company name Birmingham
OPERATIONS MANAGER _Jun2013~Present

Inchage of itil poston tathas aug impact on operational mates, the cstomers
‘sperince an on botom line performance

Duties

+ Providing evidence and reports of KPI to senior managers on a weekly basis

+ Ydenifying busines risks and oppornmises through the analysis of information and
rent

+ Taking fl responsibilty for the day to day runing ofl operational ress

+ Promocing a posiove healt and safety cle on sit,

+ Seng and achieving operaonal goals

+ Coninonsy measure and evaluate the deparonental goals and ll work processes

+ Working slonside other Operations Managers on ite o deliver continous
sffcencies and cor seine.

+ Providing cover for other Operational Managers as required

+ Driving best praccesundards and processes acros the busines.

+ Waiting wp repors, presentations and also mines of meetings

Company name Location
JOB TITLE Employment ats (ie Aug 2011 ~ fun 2013)

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

+ Managing large teams of sf rom different disciplines
+ An accomplished people manager who champions both individuals and teamwork.
+ Valuing diversity ma promoting equality a every ppornmity.

+ Tackling complex problems by coming up with bspake solunons,

* Good verbal nd writen commmiction sks.

+ Robust negotiation and infuencng abies.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Nuneaton University 2008-2011
BSc (Hous) Project Management

Coventry Cenra College 2005-2008,
A levels:

‘Maths (A) English (B) Technology (B) Science (C)

REFERENCES ~ Available on request,